<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20250130_10-K_edgar_data_1318605_0001628280-25-003063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15788647</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>397734</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3271837</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5980463</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2982597</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2831483</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-25-003063.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129204233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-25-003063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tesla, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001318605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				912197729
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34756
		FILM NUMBER:		25570807

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 DEER CREEK RD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-681-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 DEER CREEK RD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TESLA MOTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-25-003063.txt : 20250130

10-K
 1
 tsla-20241231.htm
 10-K

tsla-20241231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 28, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant s Common Stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 28, 2024). Shares of Common Stock held by each executive officer and director have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of January 22, 2025, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TESLA, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 1 C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 28 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 92 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 93 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 94 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The discussions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions with respect to the future and management s current expectations, involve certain risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning supply chain constraints, our strategy, competition, future operations and production capacity, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, profitability, expected cost reductions, capital adequacy, expectations regarding demand and acceptance for our technologies, growth opportunities and trends in the markets in which we operate, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would, predicts and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Future results may differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The discussion of such risks is not an indication that any such risks have occurred at the time of this filing. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We design, develop, manufacture, sell and lease high-performance fully electric vehicles and energy generation and storage systems, and offer services related to our products. We generally sell our products directly to customers, and continue to grow our customer-facing infrastructure through a global network of vehicle showrooms and service centers, Mobile Service, body shops, Supercharger stations and Destination Chargers to accelerate the widespread adoption of our products. We emphasize performance, attractive styling and the safety of our users and workforce in the design and manufacture of our products and are continuing to develop full self-driving technology for improved safety. We also strive to lower the cost of ownership for our customers through continuous efforts to reduce manufacturing costs and by offering financial and other services tailored to our products. 
 Our mission is to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy. We believe that this mission, along with our engineering expertise, vertically integrated business model and focus on user experience differentiate us from other companies. 
 Segment Information 
 We operate as two reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. 
 The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of high-performance fully electric vehicles as well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. Additionally, the automotive segment also includes services and other, which includes sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales. The energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products and related services and sales of solar energy systems incentives. 
 Our Products and Services 
 Automotive 
 We currently manufacture five different consumer vehicles the Model 3, Y, S, X and Cybertruck. Model 3 is a four-door mid-size sedan that we designed for manufacturability with a base price for mass-market appeal. Model Y is a compact sport utility vehicle SUV built on the Model 3 platform with seating for up to seven adults. Model S is a four-door full-size sedan and Model X is a mid-size SUV with seating for up to seven adults. Model S and Model X feature the highest performance characteristics and longest ranges that we offer in a sedan and SUV, respectively. In November 2023, we entered the consumer pickup truck market with first deliveries of the Cybertruck, a full-size electric pickup truck with a stainless steel exterior that has the utility and strength of a truck while featuring the speed of a sports car. 
 In 2022, we also began early production and deliveries of a commercial electric vehicle, the Tesla Semi. We have planned electric vehicles to address additional vehicle markets, and continue leveraging developments in our proprietary Full Self-Driving FSD (Supervised) features, including through our purpose-built Robotaxi product - Cybercab, and battery cell and other technologies. For purposes of this filing, use of the term FSD (Supervised) includes the equivalent naming convention, FSD (Capability) that is used in the European, Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions. 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 Energy Storage Products 
 Powerwall and Megapack are our lithium-ion battery energy storage products. Powerwall, which we sell directly to customers, as well as through channel partners, is designed to store energy at a home or small commercial facility. Megapack is an energy storage solution for commercial, industrial, utility and energy generation customers, multiple of which may be grouped together to form larger installations of gigawatt hours GWh or greater capacity. 
 We also continue to develop software capabilities for remotely controlling and dispatching our energy storage systems across a wide range of markets and applications, including through our real-time energy control and optimization platforms. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Solar Energy Offerings 
 We sell retrofit solar energy systems to customers and channel partners. We purchase most of the components for our retrofit solar energy systems from multiple sources to ensure competitive pricing and adequate supply. We also design and manufacture certain components for our solar energy products. 
 We sell our Solar Roof, which combines premium glass roof tiles with energy generation, to consumers, including through channel customers. We continue to improve our installation capability and efficiency, including through collaboration with real estate developers and builders on new homes. 
 Technology 
 Automotive 
 Battery and Powertrain 
 Our core vehicle technology competencies include powertrain engineering and manufacturing and our ability to design vehicles that utilize the unique advantages of an electric powertrain. We have designed our proprietary powertrain systems to be adaptable, efficient, reliable and cost-effective while withstanding the rigors of an automotive environment. We offer dual motor powertrain vehicles, which use two electric motors to maximize traction and performance in an all-wheel drive configuration, as well as vehicle powertrain technology featuring three electric motors for further increased performance in certain versions of Model S and Model X, Cybertruck and the Tesla Semi. 
 We maintain extensive testing and R&D capabilities for battery cells, packs and systems, and have built an expansive body of knowledge on lithium-ion cell chemistry types and performance characteristics. In order to enable a greater supply of cells for our products with higher energy density at lower costs, we have developed a new proprietary lithium-ion battery cell and improved manufacturing processes. 
 Vehicle Control and Infotainment Software 
 The performance and safety systems of our vehicles and their battery packs utilize sophisticated control software. Control systems in our vehicles optimize performance, customize vehicle behavior, manage charging and control all infotainment functions. We develop almost all of this software, including most of the user interfaces, internally and update our vehicles software regularly through over-the-air updates. 
 Self-Driving Development and Artificial Intelligence 
 We have expertise in developing technologies, systems and software to enable self-driving vehicles using primarily vision-based technologies. Our FSD Computer runs our neural networks in our vehicles, and we are also developing additional computer hardware to better enable the massive amounts of field data captured by our vehicles to continually train and improve these neural networks for real-world performance. 
 Currently, we offer in our vehicles certain advanced driver assist systems under our Autopilot and FSD (Supervised) options. Although at present, same as in the past, the driver is responsible for remaining fully engaged in the driving operation, our systems provide safety and convenience functionality that can relieve drivers of many tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel much like the system that airplane pilots use, when conditions permit. As with other vehicle systems, we improve these functions in our vehicles over time through over-the-air software updates. 
 In 2025, we intend to begin launching our Robotaxi business, a ride-hailing network that will eventually operate fully autonomous vehicles. We expect this business will open access to a new customer base even as modes of transportation evolve. We believe our capabilities and advancements in AI, including the deployment of Cortex, our training cluster at Gigafactory Texas, differentiates us from our competitors. 
 We are also applying our artificial intelligence learnings from self-driving technology to the field of robotics, such as through Optimus, a robotic humanoid in development, which is controlled by the same AI system. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Generation and Storage 
 Energy Storage Products 
 We leverage many of the component-level technologies from our vehicles in our energy storage products. By taking a modular approach to the design of battery systems, we can optimize manufacturing capacity of our energy storage products. Additionally, our expertise in power electronics enables our battery systems to interconnect with electricity grids while providing fast-acting systems for power injection and absorption. We have also developed software to remotely control and dispatch our energy storage systems. 
 Solar Energy Systems 
 We have engineered Solar Roof over numerous iterations to combine aesthetic appeal and durability with power generation. The efficiency of our solar energy products is aided by our own solar inverter, which incorporates our power electronics technologies. We designed both products to integrate with Powerwall. 
 Design and Engineering 
 Automotive 
 We have established significant in-house capabilities in the design and test engineering of electric vehicles and their components and systems. Our team has significant experience in computer-aided design as well as durability, strength and crash test simulations, which reduces the product development time of new models. We have also achieved complex engineering feats in stamping, casting and thermal systems, and developed a method to integrate batteries directly with vehicle body structures without separate battery packs to optimize manufacturability, weight, range and cost characteristics. 
 We are also expanding our manufacturing operations globally while taking action to localize our vehicle designs and production for particular markets, including country-specific market demands and factory optimizations for local workforces. As we increase our capabilities, particularly in the areas of automation, die-making and line-building, we are also making strides in the simulations modeling these capabilities prior to construction. 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 Our expertise in electrical, mechanical, civil and software engineering allows us to design, engineer, manufacture and install energy generating and storage products and components, including at the residential through utility scale. For example, the modular design of our Megapack utility-scale battery line is intended to significantly reduce the amount of assembly required in the field. We also customize solutions including our energy storage products, solar energy systems and/or Solar Roof for customers to meet their specific needs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Historically, we have been able to achieve sales without traditional advertising and at relatively low marketing costs. We continue to monitor our public narrative and brand, and tailor our marketing efforts accordingly, including through investments in customer education and advertising as necessary. 
 Automotive 
 Direct Sales 
 Our vehicle sales channels currently include our website and an international network of company-owned stores. In some jurisdictions, we also have galleries to educate and inform customers about our products, but such locations do not transact in the sale of vehicles. We believe this infrastructure enables us to better control costs of inventory, manage warranty service and pricing, educate consumers about electric vehicles, make our vehicles more affordable, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand and obtain rapid customer feedback. 
 We reevaluate our sales strategy both globally and at a location-by-location level from time to time to optimize our sales channels. However, sales of vehicles in the automobile industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to volatility from time to time. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Used Vehicle Sales 
 Our used vehicle business supports new vehicle sales by integrating the trade-in of a customer s existing Tesla or non-Tesla vehicle with the sale of a new Tesla vehicle. The Tesla and non-Tesla vehicles we acquire as trade-ins, along with vehicles returned upon lease-end are subsequently remarketed, either directly by us or through third parties. 
 Public Charging 
 
 We have a growing global network of Tesla Superchargers, which are our industrial-grade, high-speed vehicle chargers. Where possible, we co-locate Superchargers with our solar and energy storage systems to reduce costs and promote renewable power. Supercharger stations are typically placed along well-traveled routes and in and around dense city centers to allow vehicle owners the ability to enjoy quick, reliable charging along an extensive network with convenient stops. Use of the Supercharger network either requires payment of a fee or is free under certain sales programs. In November 2021, we began to offer Supercharger access to non-Tesla vehicles in certain locations in support of our mission to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy, and in November 2022, we opened up our previously proprietary charging connector as the North American Charging Standard (NACS). This enables electric vehicles and charging stations to interoperate which makes charging easier and more efficient for everyone and advances our mission to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy. Following this, all major automotive companies announced their adoption of NACS in certain markets, with their access to the Supercharger network beginning in phases in 2024 and their production of NACS vehicles beginning no later than 2025. We also engaged SAE International to govern NACS as an industry standard, now named J3400. We continue to monitor and increase our network of Tesla Superchargers in anticipation of future demand. 
 We also work with a wide variety of hospitality, retail and public destinations, as well as businesses with commuting employees, to offer additional charging options for our customers, as well as single-family homeowners and multi-family residential entities, to deploy home charging solutions. 
 In-App Upgrades 
 As our vehicles are capable of being updated remotely over-the-air, our customers may purchase additional paid options and features through the Tesla app or through the in-vehicle user interface. We expect that this functionality will also allow us to offer certain options and features on a subscription basis in the future. 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 We market and sell our solar and energy storage products to residential, commercial and industrial customers and utilities through a variety of channels, including through our website, stores and galleries, as well as through our network of channel partners, and in the case of some commercial customers, through PPA transactions. We emphasize simplicity, standardization and accessibility to make it easy and cost-effective for customers to adopt clean energy, while reducing our customer acquisition costs. 
 Service and Warranty 
 Automotive 
 Service 
 We provide service for our electric vehicles at our company-owned service locations and through Tesla Mobile Service technicians who perform work remotely at customers homes or other locations. Servicing the vehicles ourselves allows us to identify problems and implement solutions and improvements faster than traditional automobile manufacturers and their dealer networks. The connectivity of our vehicles also allows us to diagnose and remedy many problems remotely and proactively. 
 Vehicle Limited Warranties and Extended Service Plans 
 We provide a manufacturer s limited warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell directly to consumers, which may include limited warranties on certain components, specific types of damage or battery capacity retention. We also currently offer optional extended service plans that provide coverage beyond the new vehicle limited warranties for certain models in specified regions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Generation and Storage 
 We provide service and repairs to our energy product customers, including under warranty where applicable. We generally provide manufacturer s limited warranties with our energy storage products and offer certain extended limited warranties that are available at the time of purchase of the system. If we install a system, we also provide certain limited warranties on our installation workmanship. 
 For retrofit solar energy systems, we provide separate limited warranties for workmanship and against roof leaks, and for Solar Roof, we also provide limited warranties for defects and weatherization. For components not manufactured by us, we generally pass-through the applicable manufacturers warranties. 
 As part of our historical solar energy system and energy storage contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that commit that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation or performance requirements specified in the contract. 
 Financial Services 
 Automotive 
 Purchase Financing and Leases 
 We offer leasing and/or loan financing arrangements for our vehicles in certain jurisdictions in North America, Europe and/or Asia ourselves and through various financial institutions. Under certain of such programs, we have provided resale value guarantees or buyback guarantees that may obligate us to cover a resale loss up to a certain limit or repurchase the subject vehicles at pre-determined values. 
 Insurance 
 In 2021, we launched our insurance product using real-time driving behavior in select states, which offers rates that are often better than other alternatives and promotes safer driving. Our insurance products are currently available in 12 states and we plan to expand the markets in which we offer insurance products, as part of our ongoing effort to decrease the total cost of ownership for our customers. 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 We offer certain financing options to our residential customers, which enable the customer to purchase and own energy systems comprised of solar, Solar Roof and/or Powerwall batteries. Our solar PPAs, offered primarily to commercial customers, charge a fee per kilowatt-hour based on the amount of electricity produced by our solar energy systems. 
 Manufacturing 
 We currently have manufacturing facilities in the U.S. in California, New York, Texas and Nevada. At these facilities, we manufacture and assemble, among other things, vehicles, certain vehicle parts and components, such as our battery packs and battery cells, energy storage components and systems and solar products and components. 
 Internationally, we also have manufacturing facilities in China and Germany, which allows us to increase the affordability of our vehicles for customers in local markets by reducing transportation and manufacturing costs and eliminating the impact of unfavorable tariffs. In March 2023, we announced the location of our next Gigafactory in Monterrey, Mexico. Generally, we continue to expand production capacity at our existing facilities. We also intend to further increase cost-competitiveness in our significant markets by strategically adding local manufacturing. 
 Supply Chain 
 Our products use thousands of parts that are sourced from hundreds of suppliers across the world. We have developed close relationships with vendors of key parts such as battery cells, electronics and complex vehicle assemblies. Certain components purchased from these suppliers are shared or are similar across many product lines, allowing us to take advantage of pricing efficiencies from economies of scale. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 As is the case for some automotive companies, some of our procured components and systems are sourced from single suppliers. Where multiple sources are available for certain key components, we work to qualify multiple suppliers for them where it is sensible to do so in order to minimize potential production risks due to disruptions in their supply. We also mitigate risk by maintaining safety stock for key parts and assemblies and die banks for components with lengthy procurement lead times. 
 Our products use various raw materials including aluminum, steel, cobalt, lithium, nickel and copper. Pricing for these materials is governed by market conditions and may fluctuate due to various factors outside of our control, such as supply and demand and market speculation. We strive to execute long-term supply contracts for such materials at competitive pricing when feasible, and we currently believe that we have adequate access to raw materials supplies to meet the needs of our operations. 
 Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations 
 Globally, the ownership of our products by our customers is impacted by various government credits, incentives, and policies. Our business and products are also subject to numerous governmental regulations that vary among jurisdictions. 
 The operation of our business is also impacted by various government programs, incentives, and other arrangements. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Programs and Incentives 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted into law and is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, and remains subject to future guidance releases. The IRA includes multiple incentives to promote clean energy, electric vehicles, battery and energy storage manufacture or purchase, including through providing tax credits to consumers. For example, under current legislation, qualifying Tesla customers may receive up to 7,500 in federal tax credits for the purchase of qualified electric vehicles in the U.S. through 2032. 
 Automotive Regulatory Credits 
 We earn tradable credits in the operation of our business under various regulations related to zero-emission vehicles ZEVs ), greenhouse gas, fuel economy and clean fuel. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. Sales of these credits are recognized within automotive regulatory credits revenue in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Energy Storage System Incentives and Policies 
 While the regulatory regime for energy storage projects is still under development, there are various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms at the federal, state and local levels that support the adoption of energy storage. 
 For example, energy storage systems that are charged using solar energy may be eligible for the solar energy-related U.S. federal tax credits described below. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC has also taken steps to enable the participation of energy storage in wholesale energy markets. In addition, California and a number of other states have adopted procurement targets for energy storage, and behind-the-meter energy storage systems qualify for funding under the California Self Generation Incentive Program. Our customers primarily benefit directly under these programs. In certain instances our customers may transfer such credits to us as contract consideration. In such transactions, they are included as a component of energy generation and storage revenues in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Pursuant to the IRA, under Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ), standalone energy storage technology is eligible for a tax credit between 6 and 50 of qualified expenditures, regardless of the source of energy, which may be claimed by our customers for storage systems they purchase or by us for arrangements where we own the systems. These tax credits are primarily for the benefit of our customers and are currently scheduled to phase-out starting in 2032 or later. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Solar Energy System Incentives and Policies 
 U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives include tax credits, cash grants, tax abatements and rebates. 
 In particular, pursuant to the IRA, Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the IRC provides a tax credit between 6 and 70 of qualified commercial or residential expenditures for solar energy systems, which may be claimed by our customers for systems they purchase, or by us for arrangements where we own the systems for properties that meet statutory requirements. These tax credits are primarily for the direct benefit of our customers and are currently scheduled to phase-out starting in 2032 or later. 
 Regulations 
 Vehicle Safety and Testing 
 In the U.S., our vehicles are subject to regulation by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA ), including all applicable Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards FMVSS and the NHTSA bumper standard. Numerous FMVSS apply to our vehicles, such as crash-worthiness and occupant protection requirements. Our current vehicles fully comply and we expect that our vehicles in the future will fully comply with all applicable FMVSS with limited or no exemptions; however, FMVSS are subject to change from time to time. As a manufacturer, we must self-certify that our vehicles meet all applicable FMVSS and the NHTSA bumper standard, or otherwise are exempt, before the vehicles may be imported or sold in the U.S. 
 We are also required to comply with other federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, labeling requirements and other information provided to customers in writing, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls, a Standing General Order requiring reports regarding certain crashes involving vehicles equipped with advanced driver assistance systems, and additional requirements for cooperating with compliance and safety investigations and recall reporting. The U.S. Automobile Information and Disclosure Act also requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer s suggested retail price, optional equipment and pricing. In addition, federal law requires inclusion of fuel economy ratings, as determined by the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), and New Car Assessment Program ratings as determined by NHTSA, if available. 
 Our vehicles sold outside of the U.S. are subject to similar foreign compliance, safety, environmental and other regulations. Many of those regulations are different from those applicable in the U.S. and may require redesign and/or retesting. Some of those regulations impact or prevent the rollout of new vehicle features. 
 Self-Driving Vehicles 
 Generally, laws pertaining to self-driving vehicles are evolving globally, and in some cases may create restrictions on features or vehicle designs that we develop. While there are currently no federal U.S. regulations pertaining specifically to self-driving vehicles or self-driving equipment, NHTSA has published recommended guidelines on self-driving vehicles, apart from the FMVSS and manufacturer reporting obligations, and retains the authority to investigate and/or take action on the safety or compliance of any vehicle, equipment or features operating on public roads. Certain U.S. states also have legal restrictions on the operation, registration or licensure of self-driving vehicles, and many other states are considering them. This regulatory patchwork increases the legal complexity with respect to self-driving vehicles in the U.S. 
 In markets that follow the regulations of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ECE markets ), some requirements restrict the design of advanced driver-assistance or self-driving features, which can compromise or prevent their use entirely. Other applicable laws, both current and proposed, may hinder or complicate the path and timeline to introducing self-driving vehicles for sale and use in the markets where they apply. 
 Other key markets, including China, continue to consider self-driving regulation. Any implemented regulations may differ materially from the U.S. and ECE markets, which may further increase the legal complexity of self-driving vehicles and limit or prevent certain features. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation 
 In the U.S., state laws regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale and service of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to residents. Certain states have asserted that the laws in such states do not permit automobile manufacturers to be licensed as dealers or to act in the capacity of a dealer, or that they otherwise restrict a manufacturer s ability to deliver or perform warranty repairs on vehicles. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we are not licensed as a dealer, we generally conduct the sale out of the state. In certain such states, we have opened galleries that serve an educational purpose and where sales may not occur. 
 Some automobile dealer trade associations have both challenged the legality of our operations in court and used administrative and legislative processes to attempt to prohibit or limit our ability to operate existing stores or expand to new locations. Certain dealer associations have also actively lobbied state licensing agencies and legislators to interpret existing laws or enact new laws in ways not favorable to our ownership and operation of our own retail and service locations. We expect such challenges to continue, and we intend to actively fight any such efforts. 
 Battery Safety and Testing 
 Our battery packs are subject to various U.S. and international regulations that govern transport of dangerous goods, defined to include lithium-ion batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. We conduct testing to demonstrate our compliance with such regulations. 
 We use lithium-ion cells in our high voltage battery packs in our vehicles and energy storage products. The use, storage and disposal of our battery packs are regulated under existing laws and are the subject of ongoing regulatory changes that may add additional requirements in the future. We have agreements with third party battery recycling companies to recycle our battery packs, and we are also piloting our own recycling technology. 
 Solar Energy General 
 We are subject to certain state and federal regulations applicable to solar and battery storage providers and sellers of electricity. To operate our systems, we enter into standard interconnection agreements with applicable utilities. Sales of electricity and non-sale equipment leases by third parties, such as our leases and PPAs, have faced regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions. 
 Solar Energy Net Metering 
 Most states in the U.S. make net energy metering, or net metering, available to solar customers. Net metering typically allows solar customers to interconnect their solar energy systems to the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit for excess energy generated by their solar energy system that is exported to the grid. In certain jurisdictions, regulators or utilities have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net metering or have proposed to do so. 
 Competition 
 Automotive 
 The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive and we expect it will become even more competitive in the future as a significant and growing number of established and new automobile manufacturers, as well as other companies, have entered, or are reported to have plans to enter the electric vehicle market. 
 We believe that our vehicles compete in the market based on both their traditional segment classification as well as their propulsion technology. For example, Cybertruck competes with other pickup trucks, Model S and Model X compete primarily with premium sedans and premium SUVs and Model 3 and Model Y compete with small to medium-sized sedans and compact SUVs, all of which are extremely competitive markets. Competing products typically include internal combustion vehicles from more established automobile manufacturers; however, many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles. Overall, we believe these announcements and vehicle introductions promote the development of the electric vehicle market by highlighting the attractiveness of electric vehicles relative to internal combustion vehicles. Many major automobile manufacturers have electric vehicles available today in major markets including the U.S., China and Europe, and other current and prospective automobile manufacturers are also developing electric vehicles. In addition, several manufacturers offer hybrid vehicles, including plug-in versions. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that there is also increasing competition for our vehicle offerings as a platform for delivering self-driving technologies, charging solutions and other features and services, and we expect to compete in this developing market through continued progress on our Autopilot, FSD (Supervised) and neural network capabilities, Supercharger network and our infotainment offerings. 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 Energy Storage Systems 
 The market for energy storage products is also highly competitive, and both established and emerging companies have introduced products that are similar to our product portfolio or that are alternatives to the elements of our systems. We compete with these companies based on price, energy density and efficiency. We believe that the specifications and features of our products, our strong brand and the modular, scalable nature of our energy storage products give us a competitive advantage in our markets. 
 Solar Energy Systems 
 The primary competitors to our solar energy business are the traditional local utility companies that supply energy to our potential customers. We compete with these traditional utility companies primarily based on price and the ease by which customers can switch to electricity generated by our solar energy systems. We also compete with solar energy companies that provide products and services similar to ours. Many solar energy companies only install solar energy systems, while others only provide financing for these installations. We believe we have a significant expansion opportunity with our offerings and that the regulatory environment is increasingly conducive to the adoption of renewable energy systems. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We place a strong emphasis on our innovative approach and proprietary designs which bring intrinsic value and uniqueness to our product portfolio. As part of our business, we seek to protect the underlying intellectual property rights of these innovations and designs such as with respect to patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, confidential information and other measures, including through employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and other contractual arrangements. For example, we place a high priority on obtaining patents to provide the broadest and strongest possible protection to enable our freedom to operate our innovations and designs across all of our products and technologies as well as to protect and defend our product portfolio. We have also adopted a patent policy in which we irrevocably pledged that we will not initiate a lawsuit against any party for infringing our patents through activity relating to electric vehicles or related equipment for so long as such party is acting in good faith. We made this pledge in order to encourage the advancement of a common, rapidly-evolving platform for electric vehicles, thereby benefiting ourselves, other companies making electric vehicles and the world. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and Human Capital Resources 
 ESG 
 The very purpose of Tesla's existence is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We believe the world cannot reduce carbon emissions without addressing both energy generation and consumption, and we are designing and manufacturing a complete energy and transportation ecosystem to achieve this goal. As we expand, we are building each new factory to be more efficient and sustainably designed than the previous one, including with respect to per-unit waste reduction and resource consumption, including water and energy usage. We are focused on further enhancing sustainability of operations outside of our direct control, including reducing the carbon footprint of our supply chain. 
 We are committed to sourcing only responsibly produced materials, and our suppliers are required to provide evidence of management systems that ensure social, environmental and sustainability best practices in their own operations, as well as to demonstrate a commitment to responsible sourcing into their supply chains. We have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to child or forced labor and human trafficking by our suppliers and we look to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Due Diligence Guidelines to inform our process and use feedback from our internal and external stakeholders to find ways to continually improve. We are also driving safety in our own factories by focusing on worker engagement. Our incidents per vehicle continue to drop even as our production volumes increase. We also strive to be an employer of choice by offering compelling, impactful jobs with best in-industry benefits. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that sound corporate governance is critical to helping us achieve our goals, including with respect to ESG. We continue to evolve a governance framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the company and manages its affairs consistent with high principles of business ethics. Our Sustainability and Impact team, in conjunction with leaders from across our Company, regularly presents to our Board of Directors, which oversees our ESG impacts, initiatives and priorities. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Tesla s ability to attract, develop and retain a talented workforce is a competitive advantage. During the past year, Tesla provided its workforce with opportunities to contribute to its mission and grow professionally, earning Tesla among the Top 100 Employers of Choice in the 2024 American Opportunity Index. As of December 31, 2024, our employee headcount worldwide was 125,665. 
 
 Employees can participate in Tesla stock ownership programs (of which 92 have been given the opportunity to as part of their total rewards package), while accessing industry-leading benefits, such as free counseling, paid parental leave, paid time off, company sponsored 401(k) plans, no cost fertility and adoption programs and zero-premium medical plan options that are made available on the first day of employment. 
 
 We hire, evaluate and promote employees based on their skills and performance. In 2024, over 13,000 of our employees worldwide, 80 of whom represent Tesla s frontline workforce, took advantage of opportunities to advance their career within the Company. As of this report, more than two-thirds (68 of our managers have been promoted from internal, non-managerial positions, and 45 of our management team has been with Tesla for over five years. 
 
 Tesla cultivates an environment that recognizes employee wins and impacts. We enhance everyday recognition by spotlighting employees and empowering them to recognize each other s successes. We inform and engage employees to help foster a connected Tesla experience that supports the business. To enable employee performance, we provide opportunities for them to learn and grow, including: 
 
 Internships & Fellowships 
 
 Professional Internships Every year, Tesla hires approximately 4,000 university and community college students globally for internships across all business groups. We partner with campuses and student organizations to build a high-quality pipeline of talent, particularly individuals passionate about sustainable energy and autonomy. From day one, our interns contribute to meaningful projects, often times leading to full-time positions upon completion of their internships. 
 
 Military Fellowship Program Tesla's Fellowship program, in partnership with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation s Hire Our Heroes, offers exiting military service members corporate industry experience during their transition in service. The program aims to convert high-performing individuals to full-time roles and create a veteran talent pipeline for opportunities across Tesla North America. 
 
 Development Programs 
 
 Manufacturing Development Program Tesla's global manufacturing pathway programs are designed to provide graduating high school seniors and early career individuals with the financial resources, coursework and experience they need to start a successful manufacturing career at Tesla. Through 2024, Tesla expanded the program to new campuses and hired over 800 graduates with a goal for continued growth. In 2025, Tesla plans to hire over 1,000 participants across our factories. 
 
 Supervisor Professional Program The Supervisor program is designed for industrial foremen that provides employees the opportunity to develop expertise in their field. Across a 16-month period, employees take comprehensive coursework in the fields of technology, law, organization and personnel management. In 2024, our employees became people leaders in the fields of metal production and electrical technology. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Engineering Development Program Launched 2024, the program focuses on developing recent college and university graduates for specialized engineering fields. In partnership with local education partners, the program educates early-career engineers in controls engineering, enhancing their knowledge of high-demand technologies for manufacturing. 
 
 Educational Programs 
 
 Education Assistance Program - Tesla's Education Assistance Program offers employees access to tuition-free and partially funded learning opportunities, including degrees for in-demand careers, short-form certificates and programs for high-school completion or English-language learning. Launched in February 2024, the program has provided funding to 5,436 actively enrolled learners and 1,338 graduates acquiring valuable skills in manufacturing, engineering, artificial intelligence, supply chain management and leadership. The program partners with top-ranked online institutions and local colleges offering both flexible self-paced learning options and in-person applied training. 
 
 FlexLearn and Dual Study Program The FlexLearn and Dual Study Program provides employees opportunities to pursue their educational goals across Europe. FlexLearn allows our employees to further develop with tailored training that aligns with the needs of our factories. The Dual Study Program combines theoretical knowledge with practical experience. Graduates of the program receive industry related degrees. 
 
 Technical Programs 
 
 Apprenticeships The Tesla Apprenticeships are multi-year global programs combining academic and on-the-job training, that prepares specialists in skilled trades. Apprentices complete 2,000 - 8,000 hours of on-the-job training alongside courses at local education partners throughout our manufacturing and service locations. The program ensures that graduates are well-qualified technicians, ready to support our teams. 
 
 Technician Trainee (Service and Collision) The Tesla Technician Trainee Program provides on-the-job automotive maintenance and collision training at Tesla s Service Centers. The program is targeted at individuals currently enrolled in a school automotive or collision program and recent graduates with limited industry experience. In 2024, Tesla hired trainees across North America, EMEA and APAC. 
 
 Future Talent Traineeship The Flagship entry-level rotational program was piloted in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Trainees have the unique opportunity to experience all key aspects of service, sales and delivery within a single 12-month program, before making an informed decision on which career path they'd like to specialize in full-time upon completion. The program is ideal for exploring careers within Tesla s service team. 
 
 START (Manufacturing and Service) Tesla START is an intensive training program that equips individuals with the skills needed for a successful technician role at Tesla. We partner with colleges to integrate Tesla START into automotive and manufacturing classroom locations. In 2024, Tesla START expanded to 14 campuses and hired over 400 technicians. 
 
 Tesla is committed to providing a workplace where employees feel respected, satisfied and appreciated. Our policies are designed to promote fairness and respect for everyone. We actively support the hiring, retention and advancement of exceptional talent, including but not limited to veterans, disabled veterans and individuals with disabilities. As of December 31, 2024, in the US, 2.3 of our employees are veterans or active-duty military personnel, 3.3 of our employees are identify as individuals with disabilities and 1.2 of our employees identify as veterans or active-duty military personnel with disabilities. Our military partnerships and development programs noted above help to directly and indirectly support these employees. 
 
 At Tesla, our employees passion is what powers our mission. Everyone is expected to be trustworthy, demonstrate excellence in their performance and collaborate with others. Our factories, offices, stores and service centers are places where our employees have opportunities to enhance their skills and gain experience, which is essential for Tesla s growth. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 With this in mind, we will not tolerate certain behaviors. These include harassment, retaliation, violence, intimidation and discrimination of any kind based on any protected category or action. Anti-harassment training is provided to all new hires on their first day of orientation, ensuring that all employees are equipped with the knowledge and tools to maintain a respectful environment. For leaders, anti-harassment training is reinforced on an ongoing basis to promote consistent leadership standards and reinforce organizational values. 
 
 In addition to anti-harassment training, we offer a range of leadership development programs throughout the year to further enhance leaders' skills. These programs are designed to help leaders manage teams, communicate effectively, drive a culture of accountability and resolve disputes. 
 
 At Tesla, we listen to our employees. Our engagement strategy is to listen, act and report back to employees on progress. Pulse, Tesla's semiannual employee survey, aims to capture the employee experience and generated 86 global participation. The crucial feedback garnered from these efforts helps shape Tesla s future goals, plans and projects. 
 
 The safety and health of our employees is a core value. Everyone across Tesla works to ensure a healthy and safe workplace. Employees are encouraged to speak up regarding misconduct or safety concerns and can do so by contacting the integrity line, submitting concerns through our Take Charge process, or notifying their Human Resource Partner or any member of management. Concerns are reviewed in accordance with established protocols by investigators with expertise, who also review for trends and outcomes for remediation and appropriate controls. Responding to questions timely is key so Human Resource Partners for each functional area are visible throughout facilities and engaging employees. 
 
 Our Compensation Committee generally oversees our human capital management strategy, and regularly receives updates and reviews certain management practices related to Tesla s talent, including how Tesla recruits, develops and retains excellent talent. The Committee directly interacts and engages with members of Tesla s management, including members from the human resources, compliance and legal teams to review and evaluate people-related initiatives, employee feedback, risks and opportunities. The Committee also monitors developments in human capital management practices and recommends revisions to Company policies and practices as appropriate. 
 
 Tesla aspires to do the right thing, and we are constantly looking for ways to do better. 
 Available Information 
 We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our website is located at www.tesla.com , and our reports, amendments thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website at ir.tesla.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business 
 We may experience delays in launching and ramping the production of our products and features, or we may be unable to control our manufacturing costs. 
 We have previously experienced and may in the future experience launch and production ramp delays for new products and features. For example, we encountered unanticipated supplier issues that led to delays during the initial ramp of our first Model X and experienced challenges with a supplier and with ramping full automation for certain of our initial Model 3 manufacturing processes. In addition, we may introduce in the future new or unique manufacturing processes and design features for our products. As we expand our vehicle offerings and global footprint, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely introduce and scale such processes or features. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In particular, our future business depends in large part on increasing the production of mass-market vehicles. In order to be successful, we will need to implement, maintain and ramp efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes and supply chains and achieve the design tolerances, high quality and output rates we have planned at our manufacturing facilities in California, Nevada, Texas, China, Germany and any future sites such as Mexico. We will also need to hire, train and compensate skilled employees to operate these facilities. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges such as those we experienced in the past may arise during our production ramps, and we must address them promptly while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. If we are not successful in achieving these goals, we could face delays in establishing and/or sustaining our product ramps or be unable to meet our related cost and profitability targets. 
 
 We have experienced, and may also experience similar future delays in launching and/or ramping production of our energy storage products and Solar Roof; new product versions or variants; new vehicles; and future products, features and services based on artificial intelligence. Likewise, we may encounter delays with the design, construction and regulatory or other approvals necessary to build and bring online future manufacturing facilities and products. In addition, as we continue to develop our artificial intelligence services and products, we may face many additional challenges, including the availability and cost of energy, processing power limitations and the substantial power requirements for our data centers. 
 Any delay or other complication in ramping the production of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our future products, features and services, or in doing so cost-effectively and with high quality, may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our suppliers may fail to deliver components according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable to us, or we may be unable to manage these components effectively. 
 Our products contain thousands of parts purchased globally from hundreds of suppliers, including single-source direct suppliers, which exposes us to multiple potential sources of component shortages. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, including inflation of raw material costs, labor issues, wars, trade policies, natural disasters, health epidemics, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions, cyberattacks and other factors beyond our or our suppliers control could also affect these suppliers ability to deliver technologies or components to us or to remain solvent and operational. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, or face other challenges such as insolvency, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products, as well as impact our capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our obligations under customer contracts. Moreover, significant increases in our production or product design changes by us have required and may in the future require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. We have faced in the past, and may face suppliers who are unwilling or unable to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality and volume needs, which may increase our costs or require us to replace them with other sources. Finally, as we construct new manufacturing facilities and add production lines to existing facilities, we may experience issues in correspondingly increasing the level of localized procurement at those facilities. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate sources or develop our own replacements for most of our components, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so quickly or at all. Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with existing suppliers to obtain cost reductions and avoid unfavorable changes to terms, source less expensive suppliers for certain parts and redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce, especially in the case of increases in materials pricing. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 As the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will also need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facilities and servicing locations internationally. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain and parts management, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which may harm our business and operating results. 
 We may be unable to meet our projected construction timelines, costs and production ramps at new factories, or we may experience difficulties in generating and maintaining demand for products manufactured there. 
 Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses and approvals for additional expansion, supply chain constraints, hiring, training and retention of qualified employees and the pace of bringing production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. Moreover, we will have to establish and ramp production of our proprietary battery cells and packs at our new factories, and we additionally intend to incorporate sequential design and manufacturing changes into vehicles manufactured at each new factory. If we experience any issues or delays in meeting our projected timelines, costs, capital efficiency and production capacity for our new factories, expanding and managing teams to implement iterative design and production changes there, maintaining and complying with the terms of any debt financing that we obtain to fund them or generating and maintaining demand for the vehicles we manufacture there, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 
 We may be unable to grow our global product sales, delivery and installation capabilities and our servicing and vehicle charging networks, or we may be unable to accurately project and effectively manage our growth. 
 Our success will depend on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities. We are targeting a global mass demographic with a broad range of potential customers, in which we have relatively limited experience projecting demand and pricing our products. We currently produce numerous international variants at a limited number of factories, and if our specific demand expectations for these variants prove inaccurate, we may not be able to timely generate deliveries matched to the vehicles that we produce in the same timeframe or that are commensurate with the size of our operations in a given region. Likewise, as we develop and grow our energy products and services worldwide, our success will depend on our ability to correctly forecast demand in various markets. 
 Because we do not have independent dealer networks, we are responsible for delivering all of our vehicles to our customers. As our production volumes continue to grow, we have faced in the past, and may face challenges with deliveries at increasing volumes, particularly in international markets requiring significant transit times. We have also deployed a number of delivery models, such as deliveries to customers homes and workplaces and touchless deliveries, but there is no guarantee that such models will be scalable or be accepted globally. Likewise, as we ramp our energy products, we are working to substantially increase our production and installation capabilities. If we experience production delays or inaccurately forecast demand, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 Moreover, because of our unique expertise with our vehicles, we recommend that our vehicles be serviced by us or by certain authorized professionals. If we experience delays in adding servicing capacity or servicing our vehicles efficiently, or experience unforeseen issues with the reliability of our vehicles, particularly higher-volume additions to our fleet such as Model 3 and Model Y, it could overburden our servicing capabilities and parts inventory. Similarly, the increasing number of Tesla vehicles also requires us to continue to rapidly increase the number of our Supercharger stations and connectors throughout the world. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to ramp our business to meet our sales, delivery, installation, servicing and vehicle charging targets globally, that our projections on which such targets are based will prove accurate or that the pace of growth or coverage of our customer infrastructure network will meet customer expectations. These plans require significant cash investments and management resources and there is no guarantee that they will generate additional sales or installations of our products, or that we will be able to avoid cost overruns or be able to hire additional personnel to support them. As we expand, we will also need to ensure our compliance with regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions applicable to the sale, installation and servicing of our products, the sale or dispatch of electricity related to our energy products and the operation of Superchargers. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 We will need to maintain and significantly grow our access to battery cells, including through the development and manufacture of our own cells, and control our related costs. 
 We are dependent on the continued supply of lithium-ion battery cells for our vehicles and energy storage products, and we will require substantially more cells to grow our business according to our plans. Currently, we rely on suppliers such as Panasonic and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Limited (CATL) for these cells. We have to date fully qualified only a very limited number of such suppliers and have limited flexibility in changing suppliers. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from our suppliers could limit production of our vehicles and energy storage products. In the long term, we intend to supplement cells from our suppliers with cells manufactured by us, which we believe will be more efficient, manufacturable at greater volumes and more cost-effective than currently available cells. However, our efforts to develop and manufacture such battery cells have required, and may continue to require, significant investments, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve these targets in the timeframes that we have planned or at all. If we are 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 unable to do so, we may have to curtail our planned vehicle and energy storage product production or procure additional cells from suppliers at potentially greater costs, either of which may harm our business and operating results. 
 In addition, the cost and mass production of battery cells, whether manufactured by our suppliers or by us, depends in part upon the prices and availability of raw materials such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and/or other metals. The prices for these materials fluctuate and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials. For example, as a result of increased global production of electric vehicles and energy storage products, suppliers of these raw materials may be unable to meet our volume needs. Additionally, our suppliers may not be willing or able to reliably meet our timelines or our cost and quality needs, which may require us to replace them with other sources. Any reduced availability of these materials may impact our access to cells and our growth, and any increases in their prices may reduce our profitability if we cannot recoup such costs through increased prices. Moreover, our inability to meet demand and any product price increases may harm our brand, growth, prospects and operating results. 
 Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical and volatile. 
 Though we continue to see increased interest and adoption of electric vehicles, if the market for electric vehicles in general and Tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, develops more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our vehicles decreases in our markets or our vehicles compete with each other, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 In addition, electric vehicles still constitute a small percentage of overall vehicle sales. As a result, the market for our vehicles could be negatively affected by numerous factors, such as: 
 perceptions about electric vehicle features, quality, safety, performance and cost; 
 perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge, and access to charging facilities; 
 competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles; 
 volatility in the cost of oil, gasoline and energy; 
 government regulations and economic incentives and conditions; and 
 concerns about our future viability. 
 
 The target demographics for our vehicles are highly competitive. Sales of vehicles in the automotive industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to further volatility. We also cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact on consumer demand. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and attempt to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. Rising interest rates may lead to consumers to increasingly pull back spending, including on our products, which may harm our demand, business and operating results. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 We face strong competition for our products and services from a growing list of established and new competitors. 
 The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. A significant and growing number of established and new automobile manufacturers, as well as other companies, have entered, or are reported to have plans to enter, the market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and fully electric vehicles, as well as the market for self-driving technology and other vehicle applications and software platforms. In some cases, our competitors offer or will offer electric vehicles in important markets such as China and Europe, and/or have announced an intention to produce electric vehicles exclusively at some point in the future. In addition, certain government and economic incentives which provide benefits to manufacturers who assemble domestically or have local suppliers, may provide a greater benefit to our competitors, which could negatively impact our profitability. Many of our competitors have significantly more or better-established resources than we do to devote to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. Increased competition could result in our lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We also face competition in our energy generation and storage business from other manufacturers, developers, installers and service providers of competing energy technologies, as well as from large utilities. In addition, decreases in the retail or wholesale prices of electricity from utilities or other renewable energy sources could make our products less attractive to customers and lead to an increased rate of customer defaults. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 We may experience issues with lithium-ion cells or other components manufactured at our Gigafactories, which may harm the production and profitability of our vehicle and energy storage products. 
 
 Our plan to grow the volume and profitability of our vehicles and energy storage products depends on significant lithium-ion battery cell production, including by our partner Panasonic at Gigafactory Nevada. We also produce several vehicle components at our Gigafactories, such as battery modules and packs and drive units, and manufacture energy storage products. If we are unable to or otherwise do not maintain and grow our respective operations, or if we are unable to do so cost-effectively or hire and retain highly-skilled personnel there, our ability to manufacture our products profitably would be limited, which may harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Finally, the high volumes of lithium-ion cells and battery modules and packs manufactured by us and by our suppliers are stored and recycled at our various facilities. Any mishandling of these products may cause disruption to the operation of such facilities. While we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or fire related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. Any such disruptions or issues may harm our brand and business. 
 
 We face risks associated with maintaining and expanding our international operations, including unfavorable and uncertain regulatory, political, economic, tax and labor conditions. 
 
 We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty and social, environmental and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, including markets in which we generate significant sales, over which we have little control and which are inherently unpredictable. Our operations in such jurisdictions, particularly as a company based in the U.S., with additional manufacturing operations in China and Europe, create risks relating to conforming our products to regulatory and safety requirements and charging and other electric infrastructures; organizing local operating entities; establishing, staffing and managing foreign business locations; attracting local customers; navigating foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements; enforceability of our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls; and preferences in foreign nations for domestically manufactured products. For example, we monitor tax legislation changes on a global basis, including changes arising as a result of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s multi-jurisdictional plan of action to address base erosion and profit shifting. Such conditions may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our products and require significant management attention, and may harm our business if we are unable to manage them effectively. 
 
 Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected or take longer than expected to become fully functional. 
 
 If our products contain design or manufacturing defects, whether relating to our software or hardware, that cause them not to perform as designed or intended or that require repair, or certain features of our vehicles such as new Autopilot or FSD (Supervised) features take longer than expected to become enabled, are legally restricted or become subject to onerous regulation, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services may be harmed, and we may experience delivery delays, product recalls, allegations of product liability, breach of warranty and related consumer protection claims and significant warranty and other expenses. While we are continuously working to develop and improve our products capability and performance, there is no guarantee that any incremental changes in the specific software or equipment we deploy in our vehicles over time will not result in initial functional disparities from prior iterations or will perform as forecast in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. Although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not completely satisfy our customers. We have performed, and continue to perform, extensive internal testing on our products and features, though, like the rest of the industry, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate certain aspects of their long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics, including exposure to or consequence of external attacks. While we attempt to identify and address or remedy defects we identify pre-production and sale, there may be latent defects that we may be unable to detect or control for in our products, and thereby address, prior to their sale to or installation for customers. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We may be required to defend or insure against product liability claims. 
 The automobile industry generally experiences significant product liability claims, and as such we face the risk of such claims in the event our vehicles do not perform or are claimed to not have performed as expected. As is true for other automakers, our vehicles have been involved and we expect in the future will be involved in accidents resulting in death or personal injury, and such accidents where Autopilot, Enhanced Autopilot or FSD (Supervised) features are engaged are the subject of significant public attention, especially in light of NHTSA s Standing General Order requiring reports regarding certain crashes involving vehicles with advanced driver assistance systems. We have experienced, and we expect to continue to face, claims and regulatory scrutiny arising from or related to misuse or claimed failures or alleged misrepresentations of such new technologies that we are pioneering. In addition, the battery packs that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. While we have designed our battery packs to passively contain any single cell s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells, there can be no assurance that a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will not occur, in particular due to a high-speed crash. Likewise, as our solar energy systems and energy storage products generate and store electricity, they have the potential to fail or cause injury to people or property. Any product liability claim may subject us to lawsuits and substantial monetary damages, product recalls or redesign efforts, and even a meritless claim may require us to defend it, all of which may generate negative publicity and be expensive and time-consuming. In most jurisdictions, we generally self-insure against the risk of product liability claims for vehicle exposure, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from company funds and not by insurance. 
 We will need to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed. 
 In order to maintain and grow our business, we must maintain credibility and confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts, investors, ratings agencies and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be challenging due to our limited operating history relative to established competitors; customer unfamiliarity with our products; any delays we may experience in scaling manufacturing, delivery and service operations to meet demand; competition and uncertainty regarding the future of electric vehicles or our other products and services; our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market expectations; and other factors including those over which we have no control. In particular, Tesla s products, business, results of operations, and statements and actions of Tesla and its management are subject to significant amounts of commentary by a range of third parties. Such attention can include criticism, which may be exaggerated or unfounded, such as speculation regarding the sufficiency or stability of our management team. Any such negative perceptions, whether caused by us or not, may harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed. 
 We may be unable to effectively grow, or manage the compliance, residual value, financing and credit risks related to, our various financing programs. 
 We offer financing arrangements for our vehicles in North America, Europe and Asia primarily ourselves and through various financial institutions. We also currently offer vehicle financing arrangements directly through our local subsidiaries in certain markets. Depending on the country, such arrangements are available for specified models and may include operating leases directly with us under which we typically receive only a very small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. We have also offered various arrangements for customers of our solar energy systems whereby they pay us a fixed payment to lease or finance the purchase of such systems or purchase electricity generated by them. If we do not successfully monitor and comply with applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing these transactions, we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties. 
 The profitability of any directly-leased vehicles returned to us at the end of their leases depends on our ability to accurately project our vehicles residual values at the outset of the leases, and such values may fluctuate prior to the end of their terms depending on various factors such as supply and demand of our used vehicles, economic cycles, legislative changes and the pricing of new vehicles. We have made in the past and may make in the future certain adjustments to our prices from time to time in the ordinary course of business, which may impact the residual values of our vehicles and reduce the profitability of our vehicle leasing program. The funding and growth of this program also rely on our ability to secure adequate financing and/or business partners. If we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program through internal funds, partners or other financing sources, and compelling alternative financing programs are not available for our customers who may expect or need such options, we may be unable to grow our vehicle deliveries. Furthermore, if our vehicle leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the resulting greater levels of residual risk. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Similarly, we have provided residual value guarantees to vehicle customers and partners for certain financing programs, under which such counterparties may sell their vehicles through various remarketing channels. However, actual resale values are subject to fluctuations over the term of the financing arrangements, such as from one or more of the factors discussed above. If the actual resale values of any vehicles resold by our vehicle customers and partners are lower than the residual values we have agreed to with them, the residual value guarantees may be triggered and, as a result, our financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 Finally, our vehicle and solar energy system financing programs and our energy storage sales programs also expose us to customer credit risk. In the event of a widespread economic downturn or other catastrophic event, our customers may be unable or unwilling to satisfy their payment obligations to us on a timely basis or at all. If a significant number of our customers default, we may incur substantial credit losses and/or impairment charges with respect to the underlying assets. 
 We must manage ongoing obligations under our agreement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York relating to our Gigafactory New York. 
 We are party to an operating lease and a research and development agreement through the State University of New York (the SUNY Foundation ). These agreements provide for the construction and use of our Gigafactory New York, which we have primarily used for the development and production of our Solar Roof and other solar products and components, energy storage components and Supercharger components, and for other lessor-approved functions. Under this agreement, we are obligated to, among other things, meet employment targets as well as specified minimum numbers of personnel in the State of New York and in Buffalo, New York and spend or incur 5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York during a period that was initially 10 years beginning April 30, 2018. As of December 31, 2024, we have met and expect to meet the requirements under this arrangement, as may be modified and discussed from time to time, based on our current and anticipated level of operations. While we expect to have and grow significant operations at Gigafactory New York and the surrounding Buffalo area, any failure by us in any year over the course of the term of the agreement to meet all applicable future obligations may result in our incurring financial liabilities in the form of program payments which would not be expected to have a material adverse effect to our financial operations, the termination of our lease at Gigafactory New York, and/or the need to adjust certain of our operations. Any of the foregoing events may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 If we are unable to attract, hire and retain key employees and qualified personnel, our ability to compete may be harmed. 
 The loss of the services of any of our key employees or any significant portion of our workforce could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction and ramp of our products and services. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. None of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. Our future success also depends upon our ability to attract, hire and retain a large number of engineering, manufacturing, marketing, sales and delivery, service, installation, technology and support personnel, especially to support our planned high-volume product sales, market and geographical expansion and technological innovations. If we are not successful in managing these risks, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 Employees may leave Tesla or choose other employers over Tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with automotive or technology experience, or any negative publicity related to us. In regions where we have or will have operations, particularly significant engineering and manufacturing centers, there is strong competition for individuals with skillsets needed for our business, including specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, engineering and electrical and building construction expertise. We also compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. 
 Finally, our compensation philosophy for all of our personnel reflects our startup origins, with an emphasis on equity-based awards and benefits in order to closely align their incentives with the long-term interests of our stockholders. We periodically seek and obtain approval from our stockholders for future increases to the number of awards available under our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans. If we are unable to obtain the requisite stockholder approvals for such future increases, we may have to expend additional cash to compensate our employees and our ability to retain and hire qualified personnel may be harmed. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. 
 We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. Although Mr. Musk spends significant time with Tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to Tesla. For example: Mr. Musk also currently holds management positions at Space Exploration Technologies Corp., X Corp., X.AI Corp., Neuralink Corp. and The Boring Company, and is involved in other ventures and with the Department of Government Efficiency. 
 Our information technology systems or data, or those of our service providers or customers or users could be subject to cyber-attacks or other security incidents, which could result in data breaches, intellectual property theft, claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability, reputational damage and other adverse consequences. 
 We continue to expand our information technology systems as our operations grow, such as product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. This includes the implementation of new internally developed systems and the deployment of such systems in the U.S. and abroad. While, we maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against intellectual property theft, data breaches, sabotage and other external or internal cyber-attacks or misappropriation, our systems and those of our service providers are potentially vulnerable to malware, ransomware, viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, social engineering, computer hacking, unauthorized access, exploitation of bugs, defects and vulnerabilities, breakdowns, damage, interruptions, system malfunctions, power outages, terrorism, acts of vandalism, security breaches, security incidents, inadvertent or intentional actions by employees or other third parties, and other cyber-attacks. 
 To the extent any security incident results in unauthorized access or damage to or acquisition, use, corruption, loss, destruction, alteration or dissemination of our data, including intellectual property and personal information, or our products or vehicles, or for it to be believed or reported that any of these occurred, it could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with applicable data breach notification laws, subject us to time consuming, distracting and expensive litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject us to liability under laws, regulations and contractual obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could result in increased costs to us and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. 
 We also rely on service providers, and similar incidents relating to their information technology systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks. Our service providers, including our workforce management software provider, have been subject to ransomware and other security incidents, and we cannot guarantee that our or our service providers systems have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in a security incident, or other disruption to, our or our service providers systems. Our ability to monitor our service providers security measures is limited, and, in any event, malicious third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. 
 Further, the implementation, maintenance, segregation and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost, and there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems and updating current systems, including disruptions to the related areas of business operation. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service products, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. 
 Moreover, if we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information, including intellectual property and personal information, could be compromised or misappropriated and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our products systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our products. 
 Our products contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles and energy storage products are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update their functionality. While we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products and their systems, malicious entities have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, products and systems to gain control of, or to change, our products functionality, user interface and performance characteristics or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products through our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerability. However, there can be no assurance that any vulnerabilities will not be exploited before they can be identified, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful. 
 Any unauthorized access to or control of our products or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or government investigations. In addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our products, their systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our products, their systems or data are capable of being hacked, may harm our brand, prospects and operating results. We have been the subject of such reports in the past. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities. 
 It is not uncommon for employees of certain trades at companies such as ours to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. Moreover, regulations in some jurisdictions outside of the U.S. mandate employee participation in industrial collective bargaining agreements and work councils with certain consultation rights with respect to the relevant companies operations. Although we work diligently to provide the best possible work environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to become a union signatory. From time to time, labor unions have engaged in campaigns to organize certain of our operations, as part of which such unions have filed unfair labor practice charges against us with the National Labor Relations Board (the NLRB ), and they may do so in the future. Any unfavorable ultimate outcome for Tesla may have a negative impact on the perception of Tesla s treatment of our employees. Furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as suppliers and trucking and freight companies. Any work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and may harm our business and operating results. 
 We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions. 
 As a manufacturing company, we must manage the risk of product recalls with respect to our products. Recalls for our vehicles have resulted from various hardware and software-related safety or non-compliance determinations. In addition to recalls initiated by us for various causes, testing of or investigations into our products by government regulators or industry groups may compel us to initiate product recalls or may result in negative public perceptions about the safety of our products, even if we disagree with the defect determination or have data that contradicts it. In the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily initiate recalls or field actions if any of our products are determined by us or a regulator to contain a safety defect or be noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as U.S. Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards, or provide certain functionalities. Such recalls or field actions, whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could result in significant expense, supply chain complications and service burdens, and may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims. 
 We provide a manufacturer s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell directly to customers. We also provide certain warranties with respect to the energy generation and storage systems we sell, including on their installation and maintenance. For components not manufactured by us, we generally pass through to our customers the applicable manufacturers warranties, but may retain some warranty responsibilities for some or all of the life of such components. As part of our energy generation and storage system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that guarantee that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation or other energy performance requirements specified in the contract. Under these performance guarantees, we generally bear the risk of electricity production or other performance shortfalls, including in some cases shortfalls caused by failures in components from third party manufacturers. These risks are exacerbated in the event such manufacturers cease operations or fail to honor their warranties. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our financial condition and operating results may be harmed. Warranty reserves include our management s best estimates of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty, which are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience, especially with respect to products that we have introduced relatively recently and/or that we expect to produce at significantly greater volumes than our past products, may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. 
 Our insurance coverage strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. 
 We may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. As a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. Additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles or self-insured retentions, policy limitations and exclusions, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future losses or claims against us. A loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business. 
 The terms of certain of our debt facilities contain, and any of our other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our and/or our subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or create liens. In addition, under certain circumstances we are required to maintain a certain amount of liquidity. As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional financing as needed, may be restricted. Furthermore, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it. 
 Additional funds may not be available to us when we need or want them. 
 Our business and our future plans for expansion are capital-intensive, and the specific timing of cash inflows and outflows may fluctuate substantially from period to period. We may need or want to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, the costs of developing and manufacturing our current or future products, to pay any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses or for new significant strategic investments, or to refinance our significant consolidated indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may be negatively impacted by any early obsolescence of our manufacturing equipment. 
 We depreciate the cost of our manufacturing equipment over their expected useful lives. However, product cycles or manufacturing technology may change periodically, and we may decide to update our products or manufacturing processes more quickly than expected. Moreover, improvements in engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency may result in our ability to manufacture our products using less of our currently installed equipment. Alternatively, as we ramp and mature the production of our products to higher levels, we may discontinue the use of already installed equipment in favor of different or additional equipment. The useful life of any equipment that would be retired early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation on such equipment to be accelerated, and our results of operations may be harmed. 
 There is no guarantee that we will have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness or that we will not incur additional indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding 7.91 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness (see Note 10, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our consolidated indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions. We and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due, or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In addition, our ability to make payments may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. We may not be able to engage in these activities on desirable terms or at all, which may result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 We transact business globally in multiple currencies and have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue, operating expenses and localized subsidiary debt denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To the extent we have significant revenues denominated in such foreign currencies, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar would tend to reduce our revenues as measured in U.S. dollars, as we have historically experienced, and are currently experiencing. We have also experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the local currency (primarily consisting of our intercompany and cash and cash equivalents balances). In addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies. If we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in U.S. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. As a result, our operating results may be harmed. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect or defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive, or affect the freedom to operate our business. 
 Our competitors or other third parties may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses and/or may bring suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights, which could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and management attention, regardless of merit. 
 
 In addition, the effective protection for our brands, technologies, and proprietary information may be limited or unavailable in certain countries, making it difficult to protect our intellectual property from misappropriation or infringement. Although we make reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, we cannot guarantee that these actions will deter or prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and confidential information could affect our competitive position. 
 
 While we endeavor to obtain and protect the intellectual property rights that we expect will allow us to retain or advance our strategic initiatives in these circumstances, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately identify and protect the portions of intellectual property that are strategic to our business, or mitigate the risk of potential suits or other legal demands by third parties. Accordingly, we may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses and associated litigation could significantly increase our operating expenses. Further, if we are determined to have or believe there is a high likelihood that we have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. In the event that we are required to take one or more such actions, our brand, business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to the Company s ESG practices may result in additional costs or risks. 
 
 Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. While our mission is to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 energy, if our ESG practices do not meet investor or other industry stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, we may incur additional costs and our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees and business may be harmed. Compliance with any current or future legal requirements on these topics may result in additional costs or risks to us, including harm to our reputation, reduction in customer demand, and increased legal and operational risks. 
 Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars or health epidemics. 
 We may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, weather conditions, the long-term effects of climate change, power outages or other events outside of our control. For example, our Fremont Factory and Gigafactory Nevada are located in seismically active regions in Northern California and Nevada, and our Gigafactory Shanghai is located in a flood-prone area. Moreover, the area in which our Gigafactory Texas is located experienced severe winter storms in the first quarter of 2021 that had a widespread impact on utilities and transportation. If major disasters such as earthquakes, floods or other climate-related events occur, or our information system or communication breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. Also, the broader consequences in the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which may include further embargoes, regional instability and geopolitical shifts; airspace bans relating to certain routes, or strategic decisions to alter certain routes; and potential retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, and the extent of the conflict on our business and operating results cannot be predicted. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Government Laws and Regulations 
 Demand for our products and services may be impacted by the status of government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of such products. 
 Government and economic incentives that support the development and adoption of electric vehicles in the U.S. and abroad, including certain tax exemptions, tax credits and rebates, may be reduced, eliminated, amended or exhausted from time to time. For example, previously available incentives favoring electric vehicles in certain areas have expired or were cancelled or temporarily unavailable, and in some cases were not eventually replaced or reinstituted, which may have negatively impacted sales. In addition, certain government and economic incentives may also be implemented or amended to provide benefits to manufacturers who assemble domestically, have local suppliers or have other characteristics that may not apply to Tesla. Such developments could negatively impact demand for our vehicles, and we and our customers may have to adjust to them, including through pricing modifications. 
 In addition, certain governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives that are currently available with respect to our solar and energy storage product businesses allow us to lower our costs and encourage customers to buy our products and investors to invest in our solar financing funds. However, these incentives may expire when the allocated funding is exhausted, reduced or terminated as renewable energy adoption rates increase, sometimes without warning. Likewise, in jurisdictions where net metering is currently available, our customers receive bill credits from utilities for energy that their solar energy systems generate and export to the grid in excess of the electric load they use. The benefit available under net metering has been or has been proposed to be reduced, altered or eliminated in several jurisdictions, and has also been contested and may continue to be contested before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Any reductions or terminations of such incentives may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results by making our products less competitive for customers, increasing our cost of capital and adversely impacting our ability to attract investment partners and to form new financing funds for our solar and energy storage assets. 
 Finally, we and our fund investors claim these U.S. federal tax credits and certain state incentives in amounts based on independently appraised fair market values of our solar and energy storage systems. Some governmental authorities have audited such values and in certain cases have determined that these values should be lower, and they may do so again in the future. Such determinations may result in adverse tax consequences and/or our obligation to make indemnification or other payments to our funds or fund investors. 
 We are subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. 
 Our business operations are and will continue to be subject to complex environmental, occupational, health and safety laws and regulations at numerous jurisdictional levels in the U.S., China, Germany and other locations abroad, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, recycling, disposal and/or human exposure to hazardous materials, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 product material inputs and post-consumer products and with respect to constructing, expanding and maintaining our facilities. New, or changes in, environmental and climate change laws, regulations or rules could also lead to increased costs of compliance, including remediations of any discovered issues, and changes to our operations, which may be significant, and any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays or fines. In addition, as we have increased our operations, we are and may continue to be subject to increased scrutiny, including litigation and government investigations, that we will need to defend against. If we are unable to successfully defend ourselves in such litigation or government investigations, it may harm our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees, business and financial condition. We are also subject to laws and regulations applicable to the supply, manufacture, import, sale, service and performance of our products both domestically and abroad. For example, in countries outside of the U.S., we are required to meet standards relating to vehicle safety, fuel economy and emissions that are often materially different from equivalent requirements in the U.S., thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory compliance in all countries. This process may include official review and certification of our vehicles by foreign regulatory agencies prior to market entry, as well as compliance with foreign reporting and recall management systems requirements. 
 In particular, we offer in our vehicles in certain markets Autopilot and FSD (Supervised) features that today assist drivers with certain tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel, but which currently require drivers to remain fully engaged in the driving operation. We are continuing to develop our Autopilot and FSD (Supervised) technology. There are a variety of international, federal and state regulations that may apply to, and may adversely affect, the design and performance, sale, marketing, registration and operation of Autopilot and FSD (Supervised), and future capability, including autonomous vehicles that may not be operated by a human driver. This includes many existing vehicle standards that were not originally intended to apply to vehicles that may not be operated by a human driver. Such regulations, including their enforcement or the enforcement policy associated with the regulations, continue to rapidly change, which increases the likelihood of a patchwork of complex or conflicting regulations, or may delay, restrict or prohibit the availability of certain functionalities and vehicle designs, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Finally, as a manufacturer, installer and service provider with respect to solar generation and energy storage systems, a supplier of electricity generated and stored by certain of the solar energy and energy storage systems we install for customers, and a provider of grid services through virtual power plant models, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and policies concerning the import or export of components, electricity pricing, the interconnection of electricity generation and storage equipment with the electrical grid and the sale of electricity generated by third party-owned systems. If regulations and policies are introduced that adversely impact the import or export of components, or the interconnection, maintenance or use of our solar and energy storage systems, they could deter potential customers from purchasing our solar and energy storage products and services, threaten the economics of our existing contracts and cause us to cease solar and energy storage system sales and services in the relevant jurisdictions, which may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any failure by us to comply with a variety of U.S. and international privacy and consumer protection laws may harm us. 
 
 Any failure by us or our vendors or other business partners to comply with our public privacy notice or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence or security laws or regulations relating to the processing, collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages, ongoing audit requirements and other significant costs. Substantial expenses and operational changes may be required in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws, and even an unsuccessful challenge by customers or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. In addition, certain privacy laws are still subject to a high degree of uncertainty as to their interpretation, application and impact, and may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm our reputation. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation applies to the processing of personal information collected from individuals located in the European Union requiring certain data protection measures when handling, with a significant risk of fines for noncompliance. Similarly, our North American operations are subject to complex and changing federal and US state-specific data privacy laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act which imposes certain legal obligations on our use and processing of personal information related to California residents. Finally, additional privacy and cybersecurity laws have come into effect in China, and other jurisdictions where Tesla has a market presence. 
 
 These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs and make enhancements to relevant data practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the risks related to general privacy regulation, we may also be subject to specific vehicle manufacturer obligations relating to cybersecurity, data privacy and data localization requirements which place additional risks to our international operations. Risks and penalties could include ongoing audit requirements, data protection authority investigations, legal proceedings by international governmental entities or others resulting in mandated disclosure of sensitive data or other commercially unfavorable terms. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect the security and integrity of our customers personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if, for example, third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to the personal information we process and handle. A major breach of our network security and systems may occur despite defensive measures, and may result in fines, penalties and damages and harm our brand, prospects and operating results. 
 We could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences arising out of certain governmental investigations and proceedings. 
 We are cooperating with certain government investigations as discussed in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To our knowledge, no government agency in any such ongoing investigation has concluded that any wrongdoing occurred. However, we cannot predict the outcome or impact of any such ongoing matters, and there exists the possibility that we could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences if the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice or any other government agency were to pursue legal action in the future. Moreover, we expect to incur costs in responding to related requests for information and subpoenas, and if instituted, in defending against any governmental proceedings. 
 We may face regulatory challenges to or limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly. 
 While we intend to continue to leverage our most effective sales strategies, including sales through our website, we may not be able to sell our vehicles through our own stores in certain states in the U.S. with laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this direct-to-consumer sales model. It has also been asserted that the laws in some states limit our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators, and such assertions persist. In certain locations, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles have been, and may be, challenged by dealer associations and others as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. We have prevailed in many of these lawsuits and such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state franchise laws were not intended to apply to a manufacturer that does not have franchise dealers anywhere in the world. In some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by dealer associations to propose laws that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. A few states have passed legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we can operate. The application of state laws applicable to our operations continues to be difficult to predict. 
 Internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. Continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our ability to sell vehicles directly to consumers may harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our common stock has experienced over the last 52 weeks an intra-day trading high of 488.54 per share and a low of 138.80 per share. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In particular, a large proportion of our common stock has been historically and may in the future be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock, further influencing volatility in its market price. Public perception of our company or management and other factors outside of our control may additionally impact the stock price of companies like us that garner a disproportionate degree of public attention, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market or the market price of our shares, securities 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 class action litigation has been filed against us. While we defend such actions vigorously, any judgment against us or any future stockholder litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Our financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to fluctuations in our operating costs and other factors. 
 We expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on our operating costs, which we anticipate will fluctuate as the pace at which we continue to design, develop and manufacture new products and increase production capacity by expanding our current manufacturing facilities and adding future facilities, may not be consistent or linear between periods. Additionally, our revenues from period to period may fluctuate as we introduce existing products to new markets for the first time and as we develop and introduce new products. As a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Moreover, our financial results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts, ratings agencies or investors, who may be focused only on short-term quarterly financial results. If any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either suddenly or over time. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We provide from time to time guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process, and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate and has in the past been inaccurate in certain respects, such as the timing of new product manufacturing ramps. Our guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to anticipated production and sales volumes (which generally are not linear throughout a given period), average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs and planned cost reductions. If our guidance varies from actual results, such as due to our assumptions not being met or the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 If Elon Musk were forced to sell shares of our common stock, either that he has pledged to secure certain personal loan obligations, or in satisfaction of other obligations, such sales could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Certain banking institutions have made extensions of credit to Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, a portion of which was used to purchase shares of common stock in certain of our public offerings and private placements at the same prices offered to third-party participants in such offerings and placements. We are not a party to these loans, which are partially secured by pledges of a portion of the Tesla common stock currently owned by Mr. Musk. If the price of our common stock were to decline substantially, Mr. Musk may be forced by one or more of the banking institutions to sell shares of Tesla common stock to satisfy his loan obligations if he could not do so through other means. Any such sales could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. Further, Mr. Musk from time to time may commit to investing in significant business or other ventures, and as a result, be required to sell shares of our common stock in satisfaction of such commitments. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our governing documents, applicable laws and certain of our debt facilities could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Our certificate of formation and bylaws afford certain rights and powers to our board of directors that may facilitate the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. We are also subject to Section 21.606 of the Texas Business Organizations Code and other provisions of Texas law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain business combinations. In addition, a change in control may cause the acceleration of certain of our debt facilities. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 27 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 Cybersecurity risks related to our business, technical operations, privacy and compliance issues are identified and addressed through a multi-faceted approach including third party assessments, internal IT Audit, IT security, governance, risk and compliance reviews. To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we, among other things: conduct proactive privacy and cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications, audit applicable data policies, perform penetration testing using external third-party tools and techniques to test security controls, operate a bug bounty program to encourage proactive vulnerability reporting, conduct employee training, monitor emerging laws and regulations related to data protection and information security (including our consumer products) and implement appropriate changes. 
 We have implemented incident response and breach management processes which have four overarching and interconnected stages: 1) preparation for a cybersecurity incident, 2) detection and analysis of a security incident, 3) containment, eradication and recovery, and 4) post-incident analysis. Such incident responses are overseen by leaders from our Information Security, Product Security, Compliance and Legal teams regarding matters of cybersecurity. 
 Security events and data incidents are evaluated, ranked by severity and prioritized for response and remediation. Incidents are evaluated to determine materiality as well as operational and business impact, and reviewed for privacy impact. 
 We also conduct tabletop exercises to simulate responses to cybersecurity incidents. Our team of cybersecurity professionals then collaborate with technical and business stakeholders across our business units to further analyze the risk to the company, and form detection, mitigation and remediation strategies. 
 As of 2024, our Information Security Management System has been certified to conform to the requirements of ISO/IEC 27001:2013. 

Cybersecurity Governance 
 is responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. Our members also engage in ad hoc conversations with management on cybersecurity-related news events and discuss any updates to our cybersecurity risk management and strategy programs. 
 28 

These individuals are informed about, and monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including the operation of our incident response plan, and report to the Audit Committee on any appropriate items. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We are headquartered in Austin, Texas. Our principal facilities include a large number of properties in North America, Europe and Asia utilized for manufacturing and assembly, warehousing, engineering, retail and service locations, Supercharger sites and administrative and sales offices. Our facilities are used to support both of our reporting segments, and are suitable and adequate for the conduct of our business. We generally lease such facilities with the primary exception of some manufacturing facilities. The following table sets forth the location of our primary owned and leased manufacturing facilities. 
 Primary Manufacturing Facilities Location Owned or Leased Gigafactory Texas Austin, Texas Owned Fremont Factory Fremont, California Owned Gigafactory Nevada Sparks, Nevada Owned Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg Grunheide, Germany Owned Gigafactory Shanghai Shanghai, China Megafactory Shanghai Shanghai, China Gigafactory New York Buffalo, New York Leased Megafactory Lathrop Lathrop, California Leased 
 We own the building and the land use rights with an initial term of 50 years. The land use rights are treated as operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock has traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TSLA since it began trading on June 29, 2010. Our initial public offering was priced at approximately 1.13 per share on June 28, 2010 as adjusted to give effect to the three-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in August 2022 and the five-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in August 2020. 
 Holders 
 As of January 22, 2025, there were 9,512 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference into any filing of Tesla, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The following graph shows a comparison, from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2024, of the cumulative total return on our common stock, The NASDAQ Composite Index and a group of all public companies sharing the same SIC code as us, which is SIC code 3711, Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies (Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies Public Company Group). Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for The NASDAQ Composite Index and the Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies Public Company Group assumes an investment of 100 on January 1, 2020 and reinvestment of dividends. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 30 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 In connection with the offering of 2.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in May 2019, we sold warrants to each of Soci t G n rale, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Credit Suisse Capital LLC (later assigned to UBS AG, London Branch) and Goldman, Sachs & Co. LLC (together, the 2019 Warrantholders ). Between October 1, 2024 and October 15, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 2,894,424 shares of our common stock to the 2019 Warrantholders pursuant to their exercise of such warrants, which were net of the applicable exercise prices. Such shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by Rule 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For further discussion of our products and services, technology and competitive strengths, refer to Item 1- Business. For discussion related to changes in financial condition and the results of operations for fiscal year 2023-related items, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2024. 
 
 Overview and 2024 Highlights 
 Our mission is to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, charging, insurance, financial and other services related to our products. Additionally, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on AI, robotics and automation. 
 In 2024, we produced approximately 1,773,000 consumer vehicles and delivered approximately 1,789,000 consumer vehicles. We are focused on profitable growth, including by leveraging existing factories and production lines to introduce new and more affordable products, further improving and deploying our FSD (Supervised) capabilities, including future autonomous capabilities through our purpose-built Robotaxi product, Cybercab, reducing costs, increasing vehicle production, utilized capacity and delivery capabilities, improving and developing our vehicles and battery technologies, vertically integrating and localizing our supply chain, and expanding our global infrastructure, including our service and charging infrastructure. 
 In 2024, we deployed 31.4 GWh of energy storage products. We are focused on ramping the production and increasing the market penetration of our energy storage products. 
 In 2024, we recognized total revenues of 97.69 billion, representing an increase of 917 million compared to the prior year. In 2024, our net income attributable to common stockholders was 7.09 billion, representing a decrease of 7.91 billion compared to the prior year, primarily due to the impact of releasing 6.54 billion of our valuation allowance associated with U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2023.We continue to ramp production and build and optimize our manufacturing capacity, expand our operations while focusing on further cost reductions and operational efficiencies to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products, and invest in research and development to accelerate our AI, software, and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth. 
 We ended 2024 with 36.56 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investments, representing an increase of 7.47 billion from the end of 2023. Our cash flows provided by operating activities were 14.92 billion in 2024 compared to 13.26 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 1.67 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to 11.34 billion in 2024 compared to 8.90 billion in 2023, representing an increase of 2.44 billion. Overall growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, and we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects and research and development in upcoming periods. 
 32 

Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook 
 Automotive Production 
 The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Region Vehicle Model(s) Production Status California Model S / Model X Active Model 3 / Model Y Active Shanghai Model 3 / Model Y Active Berlin Model Y Active Texas Model Y Active Cybertruck Active Cybercab In development Nevada Tesla Semi Pilot production TBD Roadster In development 
 We are focused on growing our manufacturing capacity, which includes capacity for manufacturing newer vehicle models such as our Cybertruck, Tesla Semi and future vehicles utilizing aspects of our next generation platform, and ramping the production at our Gigafactories to their installed production capacities as well as increasing production rate and efficiency at our current factories. The next phase of production growth will depend on the continued ramp at our factories and be initiated by advances in autonomy and the introduction of new products, including those built on our next generation vehicle platform, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply by manufacturing our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability and customer awareness. 
 These plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by new product and manufacturing technologies we introduce, the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints, labor shortages and any future impact from events outside of our control. For example, during the first quarter of 2024, we experienced a sequential decline in production volumes partially caused by the early phase of the production ramp of the updated Model 3 at our Fremont factory, and factory shutdowns at Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg resulting from shipping diversions caused by the Red Sea conflict and an arson attack. In the first quarter of 2025, as we launch our New Model Y worldwide, we may similarly experience delays or declines in production volumes due to simultaneous manufacturing ramps in facilities on three continents. Moreover, we have set ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. 
 Automotive Demand, Sales, Deliveries and Infrastructure 
 Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles affordability and have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand by improving our vehicles performance and functionality, including through product offerings and features based on artificial intelligence such as Autopilot, FSD (Supervised), and other software, and delivering new vehicles and vehicle options, such as our launch of the updated Model 3 in 2024, and the New Model Y in the first quarter of 2025. In addition, we have been increasing awareness, and expanding our vehicle financing programs, including attractive leasing terms for our customers. 
 33 

However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to shifting consumer trends, political and regulatory uncertainty, including with respect to trade and the environment, all of which can be compounded by inflationary pressures, rising energy prices, interest rate fluctuations and the liquidity of enterprise customers. For example, as inflationary pressures increased across the markets in which we operate, central banks in developed countries raised interest rates rapidly and substantially, which impacted the affordability of vehicle lease and finance arrangements. Further, sales of vehicles in the automotive industry also tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to increased volatility as we expand and adjust our operations. Moreover, as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to adjust and continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. Additionally, our suppliers liquidity and allocation plans may be affected by current challenges in the North American automotive industry, which could reduce our access to components or result in unfavorable changes to cost. These macroeconomic and industry trends have had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on the pricing of, and order rate for our vehicles, and in turn our operating margin. Changes in government and economic policies, incentives or tariffs may also impact our production, sales, cost structure and the competitive landscape. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction, including improved production innovation and efficiency at our newest factories and lower logistics costs, and focus on operating leverage will continue to benefit us in relation to our competitors, while our new products will help enable future growth. 
 As our production increases, we must work constantly to similarly increase vehicle delivery capability so that it does not become a bottleneck on our total deliveries. We are also committed to reducing the percentage of vehicles delivered in the third month of each quarter, which will help to reduce the cost per vehicle. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will also have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In particular, as other automotive manufacturers have announced their adoption of the North American Charging Standard NACS and agreements with us to utilize our Superchargers, we must correspondingly expand our network in order to ensure adequate availability to meet customer demands. We also remain focused on continued enhancements of the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment 
 The long-term success of this business is dependent upon incremental volume growth. We continue to increase the production and capabilities of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, including the introduction of Powerwall 3 in 2024, and the ramps of our Megafactories in Shanghai and Lathrop, California. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of specific project milestones and logistics. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products. At the same time, changes in government and economic incentives or tariffs may also impact our sales, cost structure and the competitive landscape. 
 Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends 
 Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short-term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously developing and ramping new products, building or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, expanding our Supercharger network and investing in autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled training and products, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development, all other continuing infrastructure growth and varying levels of inflation, we currently expect our capital expenditures to exceed 11.00 billion in 2025 and in each of the following two fiscal years. 
 Our business has generally been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also generally facilitating positive cash generation. We have and will continue to utilize such cash flows, among other things, to invest in autonomy, do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. At the same time, we are likely to see heightened levels of capital expenditures during certain periods depending on the specific pace of our capital-intensive projects and other potential variables such as rising material prices and increases in supply chain and labor expenses resulting from changes in global trade conditions and labor availability. Overall, we expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. 
 34 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected. 
 The estimates used for, but not limited to, determining significant economic incentive for resale value guarantee arrangements, sales return reserves, resale value guarantee liabilities, income tax, the collectability of accounts and finance receivables, inventory valuation, warranties, fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill, fair value of financial instruments, fair value and residual value of operating lease vehicles and solar energy systems subject to leases could be impacted. We have assessed the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Automotive Sales 
 Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to cash and financing deliveries of new vehicles, and specific other features and services that meet the definition of a performance obligation under Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), including access to our FSD (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates. We recognize revenue on automotive sales upon delivery to the customer, which is when the control of a vehicle transfers. Payments are typically received at the point control transfers or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business, except sales we finance for which payments are collected over the contractual loan term. We also recognize a sales return reserve based on historical experience plus consideration for expected future market values, when we offer resale value guarantees or similar buyback terms. Other features and services such as access to our internet connectivity, unlimited free Supercharging and over-the-air software updates are provisioned upon control transfer of a vehicle and recognized over time on a straight-line basis as we have a stand-ready obligation to deliver such services to the customer. Other limited free Supercharging incentives are recognized based on actual usage or expiration, whichever is earlier. We recognize revenue related to these other features and services over the performance period, which is generally the expected ownership life of the vehicle. Revenue related to FSD (Supervised) features is recognized when functionality is delivered to the customer and their ongoing maintenance is recognized over time. For our obligations related to automotive sales, we estimate standalone selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off. 
 We also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 
 Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material write-downs may be required. A small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results. 
 35 

Warranties 
 We provide a manufacturer s warranty on all new and used vehicles and a warranty on the installation and components of the energy generation and storage systems we sell for periods typically between 10 to 25 years. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The warranty reserve does not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to operating lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or PPAs, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within Accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. For liabilities that we are entitled to receive indemnification from our suppliers, we record receivables for the contractually obligated amounts on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Due to the magnitude of our automotive business, our accrued warranty balance is primarily related to our automotive segment. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units RSUs granted to employees and for our employee stock purchase plan (the ESPP to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. The fair value of stock option awards with only service and/or performance conditions is estimated on the grant or offering date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. The resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period, which is generally four years for stock options and RSUs and six months for the ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of actual forfeitures in the period. 
 For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. 
 As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded in Cost of revenues, Research and development expense and Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized. We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets taking into account all relevant factors at each reporting period. In completing our assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider our history of income (loss) measured at pre-tax income (loss) adjusted for permanent book-tax differences on a jurisdictional basis, volatility in actual earnings, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation in recent prior years, and impacts of the timing of reversal of existing temporary differences. We also rely on our assessment of the Company s projected future results of business operations, including uncertainty in future operating results relative to historical results, volatility in the market price of our common stock and its performance over time, variable macroeconomic conditions impacting our ability to forecast future taxable income, and changes in business that may affect the existence and magnitude of future taxable income. Our valuation allowance assessment is based on our best estimate of future results considering all available information. 
 36 

Furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. As a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes or taxes payable based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. These effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that some of those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. We are required to file income tax returns in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. Such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Automotive sales 72,480 78,509 67,210 (6,029) (8) 11,299 17 Automotive regulatory credits 2,763 1,790 1,776 973 54 14 1 Automotive leasing 1,827 2,120 2,476 (293) (14) (356) (14) Total automotive revenues 77,070 82,419 71,462 (5,349) (6) 10,957 15 Services and other 10,534 8,319 6,091 2,215 27 2,228 37 Total automotive & services and other segment revenue 87,604 90,738 77,553 (3,134) (3) 13,185 17 Energy generation and storage segment revenue 10,086 6,035 3,909 4,051 67 2,126 54 Total revenues 97,690 96,773 81,462 917 1 15,311 19 
 Automotive & Services and Other Segment 
 Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to cash and financing deliveries of new vehicles, including access to our FSD (Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates. These deliveries are vehicles that are not subject to lease accounting. 
 Automotive regulatory credits includes sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers. Our revenue from automotive regulatory credits is directly related to our new vehicle production, sales and pricing negotiated with our customers. We monetize them proactively as new vehicles are sold based on standing arrangements with buyers of such credits, typically as close as possible to the production and delivery of the vehicle or changes in regulation impacting the credits. 
 Automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of revenue for vehicles under direct operating lease agreements. Additionally, automotive leasing revenue includes direct sales-type leasing programs where we recognize all revenue associated with the sales-type lease upon delivery to the customer. 
 Services and other revenue consists of sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales. 
 2024 compared to 2023 
 Automotive sales revenue decreased 6.03 billion, or 8 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to lower average selling price on our vehicles driven by overall price reductions and attractive financing options provided in 2024 as well as mix. Additionally, there was a decrease of approximately 22,000 combined Model 3 and Model Y cash deliveries. The decreases were partially offset by an increase of approximately 19,000 deliveries of other models primarily due to our production ramp of Cybertruck. Additionally, we recognized 596 million of FSD (Supervised) revenue due to release of certain features in 2024. 
 37 

Automotive regulatory credits revenue increased 973 million, or 54 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by demand for credits in North America as other automobile manufacturers scale back on their battery electric vehicle plans. 
 Automotive leasing revenue decreased 293 million, or 14 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to lower direct sales-type leasing deliveries as we have shifted towards providing leasing options through commercial banking partner programs that allow for us to recognize upfront revenue in automotive sales and a decrease in lease buyouts. 
 Services and other revenue increased 2.22 billion, or 27 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increases in sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision revenue, paid Supercharging revenue, insurance services revenue and part sales revenue. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Segment 
 Energy generation and storage revenue includes sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products, financing of solar energy generation products, services related to such products and sales of solar energy systems incentives. 
 2024 compared to 2023 
 Energy generation and storage revenue increased 4.05 billion, or 67 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a 16.7 GWh increase in Megapack and Powerwall deployments compared to the prior year. 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cost of revenues Automotive sales 61,870 65,121 49,599 (3,251) (5) 15,522 31 Automotive leasing 1,003 1,268 1,509 (265) (21) (241) (16) Total automotive cost of revenues 62,873 66,389 51,108 (3,516) (5) 15,281 30 Services and other 9,921 7,830 5,880 2,091 27 1,950 33 Total automotive & services and other segment cost of revenues 72,794 74,219 56,988 (1,425) (2) 17,231 30 Energy generation and storage segment 7,446 4,894 3,621 2,552 52 1,273 35 Total cost of revenues 80,240 79,113 60,609 1,127 1 18,504 31 Gross profit total automotive 14,197 16,030 20,354 Gross margin total automotive 18.4 19.4 28.5 Gross profit total automotive & services and other segment 14,810 16,519 20,565 Gross margin total automotive & services and other segment 16.9 18.2 26.5 Gross profit energy generation and storage segment 2,640 1,141 288 Gross margin energy generation and storage segment 26.2 18.9 7.4 Total gross profit 17,450 17,660 20,853 Total gross margin 17.9 18.2 25.6 
 38 

Automotive & Services and Other Segment 
 Cost of automotive sales revenue includes direct and indirect materials, labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle connectivity costs, FSD (Supervised) ongoing maintenance costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our Supercharger network and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. Cost of automotive sales revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. Additionally, cost of automotive sales revenue benefits from manufacturing credits earned. 
 Cost of automotive leasing revenue includes the depreciation of operating lease vehicles, cost of goods sold associated with direct sales-type leases and warranty expense related to leased vehicles. 
 Costs of services and other revenue includes cost of used vehicles including refurbishment costs, costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services, costs associated with our body shops and part sales, costs of paid Supercharging, costs to provide vehicle insurance and costs of retail merchandise sales. 
 2024 compared to 2023 
 Cost of automotive sales revenue decreased 3.25 billion, or 5 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in the average combined cost per unit of our vehicles primarily from lower raw material costs, freight and duties as well as mix, in addition to the volume changes in deliveries year over year as discussed above. The decreases were partially offset by higher costs for Cybertruck. 
 Cost of automotive leasing revenue decreased 265 million, or 21 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in direct sales-type leasing cost of revenue driven by lower deliveries and a decrease in our direct operating lease cost of revenue driven by lower lease buyouts compared to the prior periods. 
 Cost of services and other revenue increased 2.09 billion, or 27 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to volume increases in used vehicle sales at lower average vehicle acquisition cost, insurance services, paid Supercharging, part sales and non-warranty maintenance services and collision. 
 Gross margin for total automotive decreased from 19.4 to 18.4 in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 due to lower average selling price on our vehicles and Cybertruck ramp, partially offset by lower average combined cost per unit of our vehicles and increases in regulatory credit and FSD (Supervised) revenue, as discussed above. 
 Gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment decreased from 18.2 to 16.9 in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The changes in gross margin are primarily due to the automotive gross margin factors discussed above. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Segment 
 Cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct and indirect material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, freight, warranty expense, and cost of servicing. Cost of energy generation and storage revenue also includes charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. Additionally, cost of energy generation and storage revenue benefits from manufacturing credits earned. In agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs where we are the lessor, the cost of revenue is primarily comprised of depreciation of the cost of leased solar energy systems, maintenance costs associated with those systems and amortization of any initial direct costs. 
 2024 compared to 2023 
 Cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased 2.55 billion, or 52 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to increases in Megapack and Powerwall deployments, partially offset by increases in IRA manufacturing credits recognized as compared to the prior year. 
 39 

Gross margin for energy generation and storage increased from 18.9 to 26.2 in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to margin improvements for our energy storage products driven by cost reductions, including benefits from IRA manufacturing credits, and a higher proportion of our storage business, which operated at a higher gross margin, within the segment as compared to the prior periods. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Research and development 4,540 3,969 3,075 571 14 894 29 As a percentage of revenues 5 4 4 
 Research and development R&D expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense. 
 R&D expenses increased 571 million, or 14 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The overall increases were primarily driven by additional costs year over year related to AI programs. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from 4 to 5 in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 as we continue to expand our product roadmap and technologies. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Selling, general and administrative 5,150 4,800 3,946 350 7 854 22 As a percentage of revenues 5 5 5 
 Selling, general and administrative SG&A expenses generally consist of personnel and facilities costs related to our stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as fees for professional and contract services and litigation settlements. 
 SG&A expenses increased 350 million, or 7 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 driven by a 171 million increase in facilities related expenses, a 115 million increase in employee and labor costs, including professional services and a 57 million increase in marketing expenses. 
 Restructuring and Other 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Restructuring and other 684 176 684 Not meaningful (176) (100) 
 In the second quarter of 2024, we initiated and substantially completed certain restructuring actions to reduce costs and improve efficiency. As a result, we recognized 583 million of employee termination expenses in Restructuring and other in our consolidated income statement. These expenses were substantially paid with an immaterial accrual remaining in Accrued liabilities and other in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. 
 Interest Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Interest income 1,569 1,066 297 503 47 769 259 
 Interest income increased 503 million, or 47 , in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments compared to the prior year due to an increase in our portfolio balance and a higher weighted average interest rate. 
 40 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Other income (expense), net 695 172 (43) 523 304 215 Not meaningful 
 Other income (expense), net, consists of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and fair value remeasurements of our digital assets following the adoption of ASU 2023-08 effective January 1, 2024. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Other income (expense), net, changed favorably by 523 million in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 primarily due to remeasurement of our bitcoin digital assets to fair value in 2024 (see above), partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our intercompany balances. As our intercompany balances are significant in nature and we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk, we can experience significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses from period to period. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023 Change 2023 vs. 2022 Change (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 1,837 (5,001) 1,132 6,838 Not meaningful (6,133) Not meaningful Effective tax rate 20 (50) 8 
 Our provision for (benefit from) income taxes changed by 6.84 billion in the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Our effective tax rate changed to an expense of 20 in the year ended December 31, 2024 from a benefit of 50 in the year ended December 31, 2023. These changes are primarily due to the impact of releasing the valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 We monitor the realizability of our deferred tax assets taking into account all relevant factors at each reporting period. In the fourth quarter of 2023, based on the relevant weight of positive and negative evidence, including the amount of our taxable income in recent years which was objective and verifiable, and consideration of our expected future taxable earnings, we concluded that it is more likely than not that most of our U.S. federal and certain state deferred tax assets are realizable and released 6.54 billion of our valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2024, we continue to conclude that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets are realizable, except for our California deferred tax assets, U.S. foreign tax credits and certain foreign operating losses. 
 See Note 13, Income Taxes , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities, the construction of future factories, and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations, body shops, Mobile Service fleet, Supercharger, including to support NACS, energy product installation capabilities and autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled products. 
 In addition, because a large portion of our future expenditures will be to fund our growth, we expect that if needed we will be able to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment. For example, if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected, including due to global economic or business conditions, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures. Finally, we continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business, including through drawdowns on existing or new debt facilities or financing funds. Conversely, we may also from time to time determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily repay certain indebtedness early. 
 41 

Accordingly, we believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2024, as well as in the long-term. 
 See the sections below for more details regarding the material requirements for cash in our business and our sources of liquidity to meet such needs. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials to be used in the manufacture of our products. However, due to contractual terms, variability in the precise growth curves of our development and production ramps, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, we generally do not have binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts beyond the short-term, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project. 
 As discussed in and subject to the considerations referenced in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management Opportunities, Challenges and Uncertainties and 2025 Outlook Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we currently expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to exceed 11.00 billion in 2025 and in each of the following two fiscal years. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding 7.91 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which 2.35 billion is current. As of December 31, 2024, our total minimum lease payments was 7.05 billion, of which 1.19 billion is due in the succeeding 12 months. For details regarding our indebtedness and lease obligations, refer to Note 10, Debt , and Note 11, Leases , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Sources and Conditions of Liquidity 
 Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products, interest income, and proceeds from debt facilities and equity offerings, when applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we had 16.14 billion and 20.42 billion of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. Balances held in foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of 2.90 billion and consisted primarily of euros and Chinese yuan. We had 5.00 billion of unused committed credit amounts as of December 31, 2024. For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 10, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continue adapting our strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government securities and other investments, invest in autonomy, do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 14,923 13,256 14,724 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (18,787) (15,584) (11,973) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 3,853 2,589 (3,527) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative and working capital. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease and financing payments, customer deposits, cash from sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products, and interest income on our cash and investments portfolio. These cash inflows are offset by our payments to suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, operating expenses, operating lease payments and interest payments on our financings. 
 42 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 1.67 billion to 14.92 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024 from 13.26 billion during the year ended December 31, 2023. This increase was primarily due to favorable changes in net operating assets and liabilities of 2.29 billion, partially offset by a decrease in net income excluding non-cash expenses, gains and losses of 623 million. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were 11.34 billion and 8.90 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, mainly for AI-related capital expenditures, global factory expansion and machinery and equipment as we expand and enhance our product roadmap. We also purchased 7.45 billion and 6.62 billion of investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows from financing activities increased by 1.26 billion to 3.85 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024 from 2.59 billion during the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 1.81 billion increase in proceeds from issuances of debt, partially offset by a 1.15 billion increase in repayments of debt. See Note 10, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our debt obligations. Additionally, there was an increase of 541 million in proceeds from exercises of stock options and other stock issuances compared to the prior year. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 43 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We transact business globally in multiple currencies and hence have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the Chinese yuan and euro in relation to our current year operations). In general, we are a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar for our foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates affect our operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars as we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk. 
 We have also experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the local currency (primarily consisting of our intercompany and cash and cash equivalents balances). 
 We considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it is reasonably possible that adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 10 for all currencies could be experienced in the near-term. These changes were applied to our total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than our local currencies at the balance sheet date to compute the impact these changes would have had on our net income before income taxes. These changes would have resulted in a gain or loss of 1.15 billion at December 31, 2024 and 1.01 billion at December 31, 2023, assuming no foreign currency hedging. 
 44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 46 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 
 45 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tesla, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tesla, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for digital assets in 2024. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 46 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Automotive Warranty Reserve 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, total accrued warranty, which primarily relates to the automotive segment, was 6,716 million as of December 31, 2024. The Company provides a manufacturer s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles. A warranty reserve is accrued for these products sold, which includes management s best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the automotive warranty reserve is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the nature, frequency and costs of future claims for certain Tesla vehicle models; and, (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s estimate of the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models, including controls over management s significant assumptions related to the nature, frequency and costs of future claims as well as the completeness and accuracy of actual claims incurred to date. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of historical vehicle claims processed and testing that such claims were appropriately used by management in the estimation of future claims and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimate by (a) developing an independent estimate of the automotive warranty reserve for certain Tesla vehicle models and (b) comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate. Developing the independent estimate involved evaluating the appropriateness of certain aspects of management s significant assumptions related to the nature and frequency of future claims. 
 /s/ 
 
 January 29, 2025 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 47 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease vehicles, net Solar energy systems, net Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Digital assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities and other Deferred revenue Current portion of debt and finance leases Total current liabilities Debt and finance leases, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Equity Stockholders equity Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Revenues Automotive sales Automotive regulatory credits Automotive leasing Total automotive revenues Energy generation and storage Services and other Total revenues Cost of revenues Automotive sales Automotive leasing Total automotive cost of revenues Energy generation and storage Services and other Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring and other Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders Basic Diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) on investments, net of tax ) Net loss realized and included in net income Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 (in millions) 
 Redeemable 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests in 
 Subsidiaries 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2021 Settlements of warrants Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards Stock-based compensation Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards Stock-based compensation Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Adjustments for prior periods from adopting ASU 2023-08, net of tax Settlements of warrants Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards Stock-based compensation Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment Stock-based compensation Inventory and purchase commitments write-downs Foreign currency transaction net unrealized (gain) loss ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash interest and other operating activities Digital assets (gain) loss, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) Operating lease vehicles ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment excluding finance leases, net of sales ) ) ) Purchases of solar energy systems, net of sales ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of digital assets Purchase of intangible assets ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investments Proceeds from sales of investments Receipt of government grants Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuances of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options and other stock issuances Principal payments on finance leases ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) ) Payments for buy-outs of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Acquisitions of property and equipment included in liabilities Supplemental Disclosures Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Tesla, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Note 2 
 53 

Automotive regulatory credits Energy generation and storage sales Services and other Total revenues from sales and services Automotive leasing Energy generation and storage leasing Total revenues 
 Automotive Segment 
 Automotive Sales 
 Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to cash and financing deliveries of new vehicles, and specific other features and services that meet the definition of a performance obligation under ASC 606, including access to our FSD(Supervised) features and their ongoing maintenance, internet connectivity, free Supercharging programs and over-the-air software updates. We recognize revenue on automotive sales upon delivery to the customer, which is when the control of a vehicle transfers. Payments are typically received at the point control transfers or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business, except sales we finance for which payments are collected over the contractual loan term. We also recognize a sales return reserve based on historical experience plus consideration for expected future market values, when we offer resale value guarantees or similar buyback terms. Other features and services such as access to our internet connectivity, unlimited free Supercharging and over-the-air software updates are provisioned upon control transfer of a vehicle and recognized over time on a straight-line basis as we have a stand-ready obligation to deliver such services to the customer. Other limited free Supercharging incentives are recognized based on actual usage or expiration, whichever is earlier. We recognize revenue related to these other features and services over the performance period, which is generally the expected ownership life of the vehicle. Revenue related to FSD (Supervised) features is recognized when functionality is delivered to the customer and their ongoing maintenance is recognized over time. For our obligations related to automotive sales, we estimate standalone selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available. 
 Any fees that are paid or payable by us to a customer s lender when we arrange the financing are recognized upfront as an offset against automotive sales revenue. Costs to obtain a contract mainly relate to commissions for the sale of vehicles. As our contract costs related to automotive sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain a contract are expensed as incurred. Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as automotive sales revenue, and we have elected to recognize the cost for freight and shipping when control over vehicles, parts or accessories have transferred to the customer as an expense in cost of automotive sales revenue. Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts. 
 We offer resale value guarantees to our commercial banking partners in connection with certain vehicle leasing programs. Under these programs, we originate the lease with our end customer and immediately transfer the lease and the underlying vehicle to our commercial banking partner, with the transaction being accounted for as a sale under ASC 606. 
 54 

billion and million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Additions Net changes in liability for pre-existing contracts, including foreign exchange impact 
 ) Revenue recognized ) ) Deferred revenue end of period 
 Deferred revenue is equivalent to the total transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of the balance sheet date. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Of the total deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2024, we expect to recognize million of revenue in the next months. The remaining balance will be recognized at the time of transfer of control of the product or over the performance period as discussed above in Automotive Sales. 
 We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our automotive deliveries. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had current net financing receivables of million and million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and million and billion, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. 
 Automotive Regulatory Credits 
 We earn tradable credits in the operation of our automotive business under various regulations related to ZEVs, greenhouse gas, fuel economy and clean fuel. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. 
 Payments for automotive regulatory credits are typically received at the point control transfers to the customer, or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. We recognize revenue on the sale of automotive regulatory credits, which have negligible incremental costs associated with them, at the time control of the regulatory credits is transferred to the purchasing party. Deferred revenue related to sales of automotive regulatory credits was immaterial as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had also recognized million in revenue due to changes in regulation which entitled us to additional consideration for credits sold previously. We have elected the practical expedient to omit disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected contract length of one year or less. As of December 31, 2024, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize million in the next months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. Additionally, changes in regulations on automotive regulatory credits may significantly impact our remaining performance obligations and revenue to be recognized under these contracts. 
 55 

months. At the end of the lease term, customers may opt to return the vehicles to us or purchase the vehicles when contractually permitted. We account for these leasing transactions as operating leases. We record leasing revenues to automotive leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term, and we record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized billion, billion and billion of direct vehicle leasing revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had deferred million and million, respectively, of lease-related upfront payments, which will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual terms of the individual leases. 
 Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts. 
 Direct Sales-Type Leasing Program 
 We have outstanding direct leases and vehicles financed by us under loan arrangements accounted for as sales-type leases under ASC 842, Leases ASC 842 ), in certain countries in Asia and Europe. Our arrangements under these programs can have terms for up to months. We recognize all revenue and costs associated with the sales-type lease as automotive leasing revenue and automotive leasing cost of revenue, respectively, upon delivery of the vehicle to the customer. Interest income based on the implicit rate in the lease is recorded to automotive leasing revenue over time as customers are invoiced on a monthly basis. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized million, million and million, respectively, of sales-type leasing revenue and million, million and million, respectively, of sales-type leasing cost of revenue. 
 Services and Other Revenue 
 Services and other revenue consists of sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales. 
 Revenues related to repair, maintenance and vehicle insurance services are recognized over time as services are provided and extended service plans are recognized over the performance period of the service contract as the obligation represents a stand-ready obligation to the customer. We sell used vehicles, services, service plans, vehicle components and merchandise separately and thus use standalone selling prices as the basis for revenue allocation to the extent that these items are sold in transactions with other performance obligations. Payment for used vehicles, services, vehicle components, and merchandise are typically received at the point when control transfers to the customer or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. Payments received for prepaid plans are refundable upon customer cancellation of the related contracts and are included within Accrued liabilities and other on the consolidated balance sheets. We record in Deferred revenue any non-refundable prepayment amounts that are collected from customers and unearned insurance premiums, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. Deferred revenue excluding unearned insurance premiums was not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Segment 
 Energy Generation and Storage Sales 
 Energy generation and storage sales revenue consists of the sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to residential, small commercial, large commercial and utility grade customers. Sales of solar energy systems to residential and small-scale commercial customers consist of the engineering, design and installation of the system. Residential and small-scale commercial customers pay the full purchase price of the solar energy system upfront. Revenue for the design and installation obligation is recognized when control transfers, which is when we install a solar energy system and the system passes inspection by the utility or the authority having jurisdiction. Sales of energy storage systems to residential and small-scale commercial customers consist of the installation of the energy storage system and revenue is recognized when control transfers, which is when the product has been delivered or, if we are performing installation, when installed and commissioned. Payment for such storage systems is made upon invoice or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. 
 56 

billion and billion, respectively, mainly due to contractual payment terms. Revenue recognized from the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We have elected the practical expedient to omit disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for energy generation and storage sales with an original expected contract length of one year or less and the amount that we have the right to invoice when that amount corresponds directly with the value of the performance to date. As of December 31, 2024, total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with an original expected length of more than one year was billion. Of this amount, we expect to recognize billion in the next months and the rest over the remaining performance obligation period. 
 We have financing receivables on our consolidated balance sheets related to loans we provide for financing our energy products. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had current net financing receivables of million and million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net, and million and million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Leasing 
 For revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for energy generation and storage products, we record lease revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue or deferred asset on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 For solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under PPAs prior to January 1, 2019, we have determined that these agreements should be accounted for as operating leases pursuant to ASC 840, Leases . Revenue is recognized based on the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
 We record as deferred revenue any amounts that are collected from customers, including lease prepayments, in excess of revenue recognized, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, deferred revenue related to such customer payments amounted to million and million, respectively. Deferred revenue also includes the portion of rebates and incentives received from utility companies and various local and state government agencies, which is recognized as revenue over the lease term. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, deferred revenue from rebates and incentives was immaterial. 
 57 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Automotive Leasing 
 Cost of automotive leasing revenue includes the depreciation of operating lease vehicles, cost of goods sold associated with direct sales-type leases and warranty expense related to leased vehicles. 
 Services and Other 
 Costs of services and other revenue includes cost of used vehicles including refurbishment costs, costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services, costs associated with our body shops and part sales, costs of paid Supercharging, costs to provide vehicle insurance and costs of retail merchandise sales. 
 Energy Generation and Storage Segment 
 Energy Generation and Storage 
 Cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct and indirect material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, freight, warranty expense, and cost of servicing. Cost of energy generation and storage revenue also includes charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. Additionally, cost of energy generation and storage revenue benefits from manufacturing credits earned, amounting to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In agreements for solar energy systems and PPAs where we are the lessor, the cost of revenue is primarily comprised of depreciation of the cost of leased solar energy systems, maintenance costs associated with those systems and amortization of any initial direct costs. 
 58 

for stock options and RSUs and for the ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of actual forfeitures in the period. 
 For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. 
 As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded in Cost of revenues, Research and development expense and Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 59 

Less: Buy-outs of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income used in computing basic net income per share of common stock Less: Dilutive convertible debt ) Net income used in computing diluted net income per share of common stock 
 60 

Add: Stock-based awards Convertible senior notes Warrants Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share of common stock, diluted 

Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other non-current assets Total as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 million, million and an amount, respectively. 
 61 

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, government rebates receivable was million and million, respectively, in Accounts receivable, net for the current portion and an amount and million, respectively, in Other non-current assets for the long-term portion in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the vast majority of our financing receivables were at current status with an immaterial balance being past due. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the majority of our financing receivables, excluding MyPower notes receivable, were originated in 2023 and 2022. 
 We have customer notes receivable under the legacy MyPower loan program, which provided residential customers with the option to finance the purchase of a solar energy system through a loan and were all originated prior to year 2018. The outstanding balances, net of any allowance for expected credit losses, are presented on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the total outstanding balance of MyPower customer notes receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses, was million and million, respectively, of which million and million were due in the next 12 months as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the allowance for expected credit losses was million and million, respectively. 
 62 

The gross cost of operating lease vehicles as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. Operating lease vehicles on the consolidated balance sheets are presented net of accumulated depreciation of billion and billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 63 

See Note 3, Digital Assets, Net , for further information regarding digital assets. 
 to years. The gross cost of solar energy systems as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. Solar energy systems on the consolidated balance sheets are presented net of accumulated depreciation of billion and billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 to years 
 Tooling to years 
 Building and building improvements to years 
 Computer equipment and software to years 
 AI infrastructure to years 
 
 Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. AI infrastructure includes our owned data centers. 
 Upon the retirement or sale of our property, plant and equipment, the cost and associated accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected on the consolidated statement of operations. Maintenance and repair expenditures are expensed as incurred while major improvements that increase the functionality, output or expected life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated ratably over the identified useful life. 
 . 
 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we did t recognize any impairment of goodwill. 
 64 

. 
 Software development costs incurred in development of software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed, incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility and prior to the general availability of the software are capitalized when they are expected to become significant. Such costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the applicable software once it is made generally available to our customers. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we have recognized no impairments of capitalized software costs. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recorded a net foreign currency transaction gain of million, gain of million and loss of million, respectively. 
 to years. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The warranty reserve does not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to operating lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or PPAs, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within Accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. For liabilities that we are entitled to receive indemnification from our suppliers, we record receivables for the contractually obligated amounts on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and as Other non-current assets for the long-term portion. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Due to the magnitude of our automotive business, our accrued warranty balance is primarily related to our automotive segment. 
 Warranty costs incurred ) ) ) Net changes in liability for pre-existing warranties, including expirations and foreign exchange impact Provision for warranty Accrued warranty end of period 
 65 

million in consideration of capital investment and hiring targets that were met at Gigafactory Nevada. 
 66 

agreement in 2020 with Travis County in Texas pursuant to which we would receive grant funding equal to - of property taxes paid by us to Travis County and a separate agreement in 2020 with the Del Valle Independent School District in Texas pursuant to which a portion of the taxable value of our property would be capped at a specified amount, in each case subject to our meeting certain minimum economic development metrics through our construction and operations at Gigafactory Texas. This incentive is recorded as a reduction of the related expenses within the Cost of automotive revenues and operating expense line items of our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the grant funding related to property taxes paid were immaterial. 
 of their eligible compensation, subject to certain limitations. Beginning in January 2022, we began to match of each employee s contributions up to a maximum of (capped at of the employee s eligible compensation, vested upon one year of service. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized million, million and million, respectively, of expenses related to employer contributions for the 401(k) savings plan. 
 67 

Refer to Note 3, Digital Assets, Net for the inclusion of the new required disclosures. 
 Deferred tax assets ) Stockholders' equity Retained earnings 
 
 Note 3 
 amount and million of impairment losses on digital assets, respectively. 
 Other Total 
 Unrealized gains, net Ending balance 
 68 

Adjustments As adjusted Deferred tax assets Before adoption Adjustments ) ) ) As adjusted 
 Three Months Ended Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited): March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Other income (expense), net Before adoption ) Adjustments ) As adjusted ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes Before adoption Adjustments ) As adjusted Net income attributable to common stockholders Before adoption Adjustments ) As adjusted Net income per share of common stock attributable to common stockholders Basic Before adoption Adjustments ) As adjusted Diluted Before adoption Adjustments ) As adjusted 
 The unaudited impact of adoption for the three months ended December 31, 2024 was to increase Digital assets, net by million, with a corresponding increase in Other income (expense), net and decrease our Deferred tax assets by million with a corresponding increase in our Provision for (benefit from) income taxes, thus contributing million to Net income attributable to common stockholders. These amounts contributed to both basic and diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per share of common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2024. 
 There were no impairment losses recorded for any period during the year ended December 31, 2024. As a result, the unaudited interim balances of Digital assets, net did not change throughout the year ended December 31, 2024 prior to the adoption of the new crypto assets standard, which was adopted as of January 1, 2024. 
 
 Note 4 
 million within the automotive segment from million as of December 31, 2023 to million as of December 31, 2024. There were accumulated impairment losses as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 69 

million as of December 31, 2023 to million as of December 31, 2024 mainly from amortization. 
 
 Note 5 
 Commercial paper U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities Money market funds Digital assets Not applicable Total 
 All of our money market funds and digital assets are classified within Level I of the fair value hierarchy because they were valued using quoted prices in active markets. Our U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, time deposits and corporate debt securities are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy and the market approach was used to determine fair value of these investments. 
 Certificates of deposit and time deposits Commercial paper U.S. government securities ) Corporate debt securities Money market funds Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ) 
 70 

Certificates of deposit and time deposits U.S. government securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper Money market funds Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments ) 
 As of December 31, 2024, the vast majority of our short-term investments had contractual maturity dates within one year. 
 Disclosure of Fair Values 
 Our financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, financing receivables, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer deposits and debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments materially approximate their fair values. 
 
 Note 6 
 Work in process Finished goods (1) Service parts Total 
 (1) Finished goods inventory includes products-in-transit to fulfill customer orders, new vehicles, used vehicles and energy products available for sale. 
 million, million and million, respectively, in Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 71 

Note 7 
 Land and buildings AI infrastructure Tooling Leasehold improvements Computer equipment, hardware and software Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 Construction in progress is primarily comprised of ongoing construction and expansion of our facilities, equipment and tooling related to the manufacturing of our products as well as AI-related assets which have not yet been placed in service. Completed assets are transferred to their respective asset classes and depreciation begins when an asset is ready for its intended use. 
 Depreciation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Note 8 
 
 Accrued warranty reserve, current portion Payroll and related costs Taxes payable (2) Customer deposits Operating lease liabilities, current portion Sales return reserve, current portion Other current liabilities Total 
 (1) Accrued purchases primarily reflects receipts of goods and services for which we had not yet been invoiced. As we are invoiced for these goods and services, this balance will reduce and accounts payable will increase. 
 (2) Taxes payable primarily includes value added tax, income tax, sales tax, property tax and use tax payables. 
 72 

Note 9 
 
 Accrued warranty reserve Other non-current liabilities Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 Note 10 
 Not applicable Other - 
 - 
 Total recourse debt Non-recourse debt: Automotive Asset-backed Notes - 
 - 
 China Working Capital Facility (2) 
 Energy Asset-backed Notes - 
 December 2025-June 2050 
 Cash Equity Debt - 
 - 
 Total non-recourse debt Total debt Finance leases Total debt and finance leases 
 The following is a summary of our debt and finance leases as of December 31, 2023 (in millions): 
 Net Carrying Value Unpaid Principal Balance Unused Committed Amount (1) Contractual Interest Rates Contractual Maturity Date Current Long-Term Recourse debt: 2024 Notes RCF Credit Agreement Not applicable Other - 
 - 
 Total recourse debt Non-recourse debt: Automotive Asset-backed Notes - 
 - 
 Cash Equity Debt - 
 - 
 Energy Asset-backed Notes Total non-recourse debt Total debt Finance leases Total debt and finance leases 
 (1) There are no restrictions on draw-down or use for general corporate purposes with respect to any available committed funds under our RCF Credit Agreement, except certain specified conditions prior to draw-down. Refer to the section below for the terms of the facility. 
 (2) The contractual maturity date of the China Working Capital Facility is April 2025, renewable until March 2026 at our discretion. As we have the intent and ability to refinance the loan on a long-term basis, we recorded it in Debt and finance leases, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 73 

million shares of our common stock. 
 Credit Agreement 
 In January 2023, we entered into a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the RCF Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks. The RCF Credit Agreement contains optional extensions and has a total commitment of up to billion, which could be increased up to billion under certain circumstances. The underlying borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowed funds accrue interest at a variable rate equal to: (i) for dollar-denominated loans, at our election, (a) Term SOFR (the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate) plus , or (b) an alternate base rate; (ii) for loans denominated in pounds sterling, SONIA (the sterling overnight index average reference rate); or (iii) for loans denominated in euros, an adjusted EURIBOR (euro interbank offered rate); in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on the rating assigned to our senior, unsecured long-term indebtedness (the Credit Rating from time to time. The fee for undrawn amounts is variable based on the Credit Rating and is currently per annum. 
 Automotive Asset-backed Notes 
 From time to time, we transfer receivables and/or beneficial interests related to certain vehicles (either leased or financed) into special purpose entities SPEs and issue Automotive Asset-backed Notes, backed by these automotive assets to investors. The SPEs are consolidated in the financial statements. The cash flows generated by these automotive assets are used to service the principal and interest payments on the Automotive Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPEs expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to the owners of the SPEs. We recognize revenue earned from the associated customer lease or financing contracts in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. The SPEs assets and cash flows are not available to our other creditors, and the creditors of the SPEs, including the Automotive Asset-backed Note holders, have no recourse to our other assets. 
 In 2024, we transferred beneficial interests related to certain leased vehicles and/or financing receivables into SPEs and issued billion in aggregate principal amount of Automotive Asset-backed Notes, with terms similar to our other previously issued Automotive Asset-backed Notes. The proceeds from the issuance, net of debt issuance costs, were billion. 
 Energy Asset-backed Notes 
 In 2024, we transferred certain financing receivables into an SPE and issued million in aggregate principal amount of Energy Asset-backed Notes, backed by these financing receivables. The proceeds from issuance, net of debt issuance costs, were million. The SPE is wholly owned by us and is consolidated in the financial statements. The cash flows generated by these financing receivables are used to service the principal and interest payments on the Energy Asset-backed Notes and satisfy the SPE s expenses, and any remaining cash is distributed to us. The SPE s assets and cash flows are not available to our other creditors, and the creditors of the SPE, including the Energy Asset-backed Notes holders, have no recourse to our other assets. 
 Cash Equity Debt 
 In connection with the cash equity financing deals closed in 2016, our subsidiaries issued million in aggregate principal amount of debt that bears interest at fixed rates. This debt is secured by, among other things, our interests in certain financing funds and is non-recourse to our other assets. 
 74 

billion to be used for certain production expenditures as well as repayment of certain finance facilities. Borrowed funds bear interest at a rate equal to the Loan Prime Rate published by the People s Bank of China minus . The China Working Capital Facility is non-recourse to our assets. 
 Pledged Assets 
 As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had pledged or restricted billion and billion of our assets (consisting principally of operating lease vehicles, financing receivables, restricted cash, and equity interests in certain SPEs) as collateral for our outstanding debt. 
 Schedule of Principal Maturities of Debt 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 11 
 years. Some of our leases also include options to terminate the lease prior to the end of the agreed upon lease term. For purposes of calculating lease liabilities, lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. 
 75 

Accrued liabilities and other Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Solar energy systems, net Property, plant and equipment, net Total finance lease assets Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases Long-term debt and finance leases, net of current portion Total finance lease liabilities 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense Total lease expense 
 (1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 
 76 

years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases where we are the lessee is as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash outflows from operating leases Operating cash outflows from finance leases (interest payments) Leased assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease obligations Less: Current portion Long-term portion of lease obligations 
 As of December 31, 2024, we have excluded from the table above additional operating leases that have not yet commenced with aggregate rent payments of billion. These operating leases will commence between fiscal year 2025 and 2026 with lease terms of years to years. 
 77 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Gross lease receivables 
 The above table does not include vehicle sales to customers or leasing partners with a resale value guarantee as the cash payments were received upfront. For our solar PPA arrangements, customers are charged solely based on actual power produced by the installed solar energy system at a predefined rate per kilowatt-hour of power produced. The future payments from such arrangements are not included in the above table as they are a function of the power generated by the related solar energy systems in the future. 
 Net Investment in Sales-type Leases 
 Unearned interest income ) ) Allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Net investment in sales-type leases Reported as: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other non-current assets Net investment in sales-type leases 
 
 Note 12 
 and our stock options are exercisable over a maximum period of years from their grant dates. Vesting typically terminates when the employment or consulting relationship ends. 
 As of December 31, 2024, million shares were reserved and available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 78 

Granted Exercised or released ) ) Cancelled ) ) End of period Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2024 Exercisable and vested, December 31, 2024 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of RSUs granted in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. The aggregate release date fair value of RSUs in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 ESPP 
 Our employees are eligible to purchase our common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The purchase price would be of the lower of the fair market value on the first and last trading days of each offering period. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, under the ESPP we issued million, million and million shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, there were million shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 Fair Value Assumptions 
 We use the fair value method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense. Under the fair value method, we estimate the fair value of each stock option award with service or service and performance conditions and the ESPP on the grant date generally using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Dividend yield Grant date fair value per share 
 The fair value of RSUs with service or service and performance conditions is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximating each grant s expected life. We use our historical data in estimating the expected term of our employee grants. The expected volatility is based on the average of the implied volatility of publicly traded options for our common stock and the historical volatility of our common stock. 
 79 

million under these grants to purchase or receive an aggregate million shares of our common stock. For awards probable of achievement, we estimate the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, stock-based compensation expense related to these grants, net of forfeitures, were material. 
 Summary Stock-Based Compensation Information 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring and other Total 
 Our income tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation arrangements were while we were under full valuation allowances on our U.S. deferred tax assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. With the release of the valuation allowance associated with our federal and certain state deferred tax assets in 2023, income tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, stock-based compensation expense capitalized to our consolidated balance sheets was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, we had billion of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-performance awards, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 13 
 Noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Foreign Income before income taxes 
 80 

billion, ) billion and billion has been recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 81 

State tax, net of federal benefit ) Excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Nontaxable manufacturing credit ) ) Foreign income rate differential ) ) ) U.S. tax credits ) ) ) GILTI and Subpart F inclusion Unrecognized tax benefits Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 Research and development credits Other tax credits and attributes Deferred revenue Inventory and warranty reserves Operating lease right-of-use liabilities Capitalized research and development costs Deferred GILTI tax assets Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net of valuation allowance 
 82 

billion for deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized, which primarily included our California deferred tax assets, U.S. foreign tax credits and certain foreign operating losses. The valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets increased by million during the year ended December 31, 2024, and decreased by billion and billion during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The valuation allowance increase during the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily due to the changes of our California deferred tax assets, U.S. foreign tax credits and certain foreign operating losses. The change in valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the release of our valuation allowance with respect to our U.S. federal and certain state deferred tax assets. In the fourth quarter of 2023, based on the relevant weight of positive and negative evidence, including the amount of our taxable income in recent years which was objective and verifiable, and consideration of our expected future taxable earnings, we concluded that it is more likely than not that most of our U.S. federal and certain state deferred tax assets are realizable and released the valuation allowance on these deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance change during the years ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to changes in our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our deferred tax assets without a valuation allowance are more likely than not to be realized given the expectation of future earnings in the respective jurisdictions. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we had billion of federal and billion of state net operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income, an immaterial amount of which, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2026 for federal and 2025 for state purposes. Federal and state laws can impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards in the event of an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We have determined that no significant limitation would be placed on the utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards due to prior ownership changes or expirations. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we had federal research and development tax credits of billion, federal renewable energy tax credits of billion, and state research and development tax credits of billion. Most of our state research and development tax credits were in the state of California. If not utilized, some of the federal tax credits may expire in various amounts beginning in 2035. However, California research and development tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we intend to indefinitely reinvest our foreign earnings and cash unless such repatriation results in no or minimal tax costs. We have recorded the taxes associated with the foreign earnings we intend to repatriate in the future. For the earnings we intend to indefinitely reinvest, deferred tax liabilities for foreign withholding or other taxes have been recorded. The estimated amount of such unrecognized withholding tax liability associated with the indefinitely reinvested earnings is approximately million. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Increases in balances related to prior year tax positions Decreases in balances related to prior year tax positions ) Increases in balances related to current year tax positions Decreases in balances related to expiration of the statute of limitations ) December 31, 2022 Increases in balances related to prior year tax positions Decreases in balances related to settlement with tax authorities ) Increases in balances related to current year tax positions Decreases in balances related to expiration of the statute of limitations ) December 31, 2023 Increases in balances related to prior year tax positions Decreases in balances related to prior year tax positions ) Increases in balances related to current year tax positions Decreases in balances related to settlement with tax authorities ) Decreases in balances related to expiration of the statute of limitations ) December 31, 2024 
 83 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, we have accrued million and million, respectively, related to interest and penalties on our unrecognized tax benefits. Unrecognized tax benefits of billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for the years 2015 to 2018. Additional tax years within the periods 2004 to 2014 and 2019 to 2023 remain subject to examination for federal income tax purposes. All net operating losses and tax credits generated to date are subject to adjustment for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. Our returns for 2004 and subsequent tax years remain subject to examination in U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 Given the uncertainty in timing and outcome of our tax examinations, an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change in gross unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months cannot be made at this time. 
 
 Note 14 
 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York during the -year period beginning April 30, 2018. On an annual basis during the initial lease term, as measured on each anniversary of such date, if we fail to meet these specified investment and job creation requirements, it may result in our incurring financial liabilities in the form of program payments which would not be expected to have a material adverse effect to our financial operations, the termination of our lease at Gigafactory New York, and/or the need to adjust certain of our operations. 
 
 In 2021, an amendment was executed to extend our overall agreement to spend or incur billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York through December 31, 2029. As of December 31, 2024, we have met and expect to meet the requirements under this arrangement, as may be modified and discussed from time to time, based on our current and anticipated level of operations. 
 Operating Lease Arrangement in Shanghai, China 
 We have an operating lease arrangement for an initial term of years with the local government of Shanghai for land use rights where we have been constructing Gigafactory Shanghai. Under the terms of the arrangement, we are required to spend RMB billion in capital expenditures by the end of 2023, which was achieved in 2023, and to generate RMB billion of annual tax revenues starting at the end of 2023. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had met and expect to meet the tax revenue requirements based on our current level of spend and sales. 
 84 

Tesla shares, plus expenses of . Tesla opposed the fee request, and at Tesla s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, of the disinterested voting shares of Tesla, excluding shares owned by Mr. Musk and Kimbal Musk, voted to ratify the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Because Tesla s disinterested stockholders voted to ratify the 2018 CEO Performance Award, Mr. Musk and the other director defendants, joined by Tesla, filed a brief seeking to revise the Court s January 30, 2024 opinion. On December 2, 2024, the Court issued an opinion denying the motion to revise the Court s January 30, 2024 opinion and awarded Plaintiff s counsel fees in the amount of million. A final judgment was entered by the Court, and the director defendants and Tesla appealed the decisions to the Delaware Supreme Court. 
 Litigation Related to Directors Compensation 
 On June 17, 2020, a purported Tesla stockholder filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against certain of Tesla s current and former directors regarding compensation awards granted to Tesla s directors, other than Elon Musk, between 2017 and 2020. The suit asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified damages and other relief. Defendants filed their answer on September 17, 2020. 
 On July 14, 2023, the parties filed a Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise and Settlement, which does not involve an admission of any wrongdoing by any party. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Tesla provided notice of the proposed settlement to stockholders of record as of July 14, 2023. The Court held a hearing regarding the settlement on October 13, 2023, after which it took the settlement and plaintiff counsels fee request under advisement. On January 8, 2025, the Court approved the settlement and awarded Plaintiff s counsel fees in the amount of approximately million. A final judgment was entered by the Court on January 13, 2025. Tesla intends to appeal the Court s fee award on or before the appeal deadline of February 12, 2025. The settlement is not expected to have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Litigation Relating to Potential Going Private Transaction 
 
 Between August 10, 2018 and September 6, 2018, purported stockholder class actions were filed against Tesla and Elon Musk in connection with Mr. Musk s August 7, 2018 Twitter post that he was considering taking Tesla private. On January 16, 2019, Plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and added as defendants the members of Tesla s board of directors. The consolidated complaint asserts claims for violations of the federal securities laws and seeks unspecified damages and other relief. The parties stipulated to certification of a class of stockholders, which the court granted on November 25, 2020. Trial started on January 17, 2023, and on February 3, 2023, a jury rendered a verdict in favor of the defendants on all counts. After trial, plaintiffs filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law and a motion for new trial, which the Court denied and judgement was entered in favor of defendants on July 11, 2023. On November 6, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court s dismissal of all claims. 
 Between October 17, 2018 and March 8, 2021, derivative lawsuits were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of Tesla s board of directors, as constituted at relevant times, in relation to statements made and actions connected to a potential going private transaction, with certain of the lawsuits challenging additional Twitter posts by Mr. Musk, among other things. Several of those actions were consolidated, and all have been stayed. In addition to these cases, derivative lawsuits were filed on October 25, 2018 and February 11, 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk and the members of the Tesla board of directors as then constituted. Those cases have also been consolidated and stayed. 
 85 

Tesla stockholders filed separate derivative actions in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against certain of Tesla s current and former directors. Both suits assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and violation of the federal securities laws in connection with alleged race and gender discrimination and sexual harassment. Among other things, plaintiffs seek declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified damages payable to Tesla, and attorneys fees. On July 22, 2022, the Court consolidated the cases and on September 6, 2022, plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. On November 7, 2022, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the case and on September 15, 2023, the Court dismissed the action but granted plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint. On November 2, 2023, plaintiff filed an amended complaint purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Elon Musk. On December 19, 2023, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint, which the Court granted on April 12, 2024, with leave for plaintiffs to amend. On May 15, 2024, plaintiffs filed a second amended consolidated complaint purportedly on behalf of Tesla, against Mr. Musk. On July 1, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the second amended consolidated complaint. 
 86 

87 

million of unused letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 Note 15 
 88 

Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease vehicles, net Solar energy systems, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accrued liabilities and other Deferred revenue Current portion of debt and finance leases Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Debt and finance leases, net of current portion Total liabilities 
 
 Note 16 
 89 

Note 17 
 operating and reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of electric vehicles as well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. Additionally, the automotive segment is also comprised of services and other, which includes sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, part sales, paid Supercharging, insurance services revenue and retail merchandise sales. The energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products and related services and sales of solar energy systems incentives. 
 Our CODM does not evaluate operating segments using asset or liability information. The CODM uses gross profit to allocate operating and capital resources and assesses performance of each segment by comparing actual gross profit results to historical results and previously forecasted financial information. The following table presents revenues, cost of revenues and gross profit by reportable segment (in millions): 
 Cost of revenues (1) Gross profit Energy generation and storage segment Revenues Cost of revenues (2) Gross profit 
 (1) Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the automotive segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization included in Cost of revenues for the energy generation and storage segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 China Other international Total 
 Germany Other international Total 
 90 

Energy generation and storage Total 
 
 Note 18 
 million of employee termination expenses in Restructuring and other in our consolidated income statement. These expenses were substantially paid with an immaterial accrual remaining in Accrued liabilities and other in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an impairment loss of million as well as realized gains of million in connection with converting our holdings of digital assets into fiat currency. We also recorded other expenses of million during the second quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, related to employee terminations. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed at a reasonable assurance level and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 91 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None of the Company s directors or officers , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: 
 , , one of our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the potential exercise of options to purchase shares of our common stock, and the subsequent sale of our common stock subject to certain conditions, in amounts sufficient to cover tax withholding obligations and yield aggregate net proceeds to Mr. Ehrenpreis of 15 million, after payment of commissions and fees. The arrangement's expiration date is . 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 92 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is by reference. The 2025 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 93 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Financial statements (see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report) 
 2. All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information was not applicable or was not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes 
 3. The exhibits listed in the following Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Certificate of Formation of the Re gistrant 
 10-Q 001-34756 3.1 July 24, 2024 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-34756 3.2 July 24, 2024 4.1 Specimen common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 X 4.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2009, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 S-1 333-164593 4.2 January 29, 2010 4.3 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2010, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 S-1/A 333-164593 4.2A May 27, 2010 4.4 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement between Registrant, Toyota Motor Corporation and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 S-1/A 333-164593 4.2B May 27, 2010 4.5 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2010, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 S-1/A 333-164593 4.2C June 15, 2010 4.6 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2010, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 November 4, 2010 4.7 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2011, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 S-1/A 333-174466 4.2E June 2, 2011 
 94 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.8 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2011, between Registrant and certain holders of the Registrant s capital stock named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 June 1, 2011 4.9 Sixth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2013 among the Registrant, the Elon Musk Revocable Trust dated July 22, 2003 and certain other holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 May 20, 2013 4.10 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2013, between the Registrant and certain holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.2 May 20, 2013 4.11 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investor s Rights Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2015, between the Registrant and certain holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 August 19, 2015 4.12 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, between the Registrant and certain holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 May 24, 2016 4.13 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2017, between the Registrant and certain holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 March 17, 2017 4.14 Waiver to Fifth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2019, between the Registrant and certain holders of the capital stock of the Registrant named therein. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 May 3, 2019 4.15 Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2013, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 8-K 001-34756 4.1 May 22, 2013 4.16 Indenture, dated as of October 15, 2014, between SolarCity and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 S-3ASR(1) 333-199321 4.1 October 15, 2014 4.17 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.00 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/6-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.3 March 9, 2015 
 95 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.18 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.75 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/7-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 March 9, 2015 4.19 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C4-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 March 19, 2015 4.20 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C5-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 March 19, 2015 4.21 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C9-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 March 26, 2015 4.22 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C10-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 March 26, 2015 4.23 Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C14-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 April 2, 2015 4.24 Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C19-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 April 9, 2015 4.25 Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C20-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 April 9, 2015 4.26 Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C24-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 April 14, 2015 4.27 Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C25-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 April 14, 2015 
 96 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.28 Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C27-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.3 April 21, 2015 4.29 Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C28-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 April 21, 2015 4.30 Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C32-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 April 27, 2015 4.31 Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 27, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C33-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 April 27, 2015 4.32 Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.00 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/12-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 May 1, 2015 4.33 Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.75 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/13-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 May 1, 2015 4.34 Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C36-10 . 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 May 11, 2015 4.35 Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C37-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 May 11, 2015 4.36 Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C40-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 May 18, 2015 4.37 Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C41-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 May 18, 2015 
 97 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.38 Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C44-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 May 26, 2015 4.39 Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C45-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 May 26, 2015 4.40 Seventieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C52-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 June 16, 2015 4.41 Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C53-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 June 16, 2015 4.42 Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 22, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C56-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.4 June 23, 2015 4.43 Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 22, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C57-15 . 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 June 23, 2015 4.44 Eightieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 29, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C61-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 June 29, 2015 4.45 Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 29, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C62-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 June 29, 2015 4.46 Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 20, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C71-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 July 21, 2015 4.47 Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 20, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C72-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 July 21, 2015 
 98 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.48 Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 31, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.00 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/20-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 July 31, 2015 4.49 Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 31, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.75 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/21-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 July 31, 2015 4.50 One Hundred-and-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C81-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 August 10, 2015 4.51 One Hundred-and-Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C87-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 August 17, 2015 4.52 One Hundred-and-Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C92-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 August 24, 2015 4.53 One Hundred-and-Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 31, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C97-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 August 31, 2015 4.54 One Hundred-and-Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C101-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 September 15, 2015 4.55 One Hundred-and-Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C102-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 September 15, 2015 4.56 One Hundred-and-Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C106-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 September 29, 2015 
 99 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.57 One Hundred-and-Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C107-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 September 29, 2015 4.58 One Hundred-and-Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 13, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C111-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 October 13, 2015 4.59 One Hundred-and-Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 30, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.00 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/25-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 October 30, 2015 4.60 One Hundred-and-Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 30, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.75 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/26-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 October 30, 2015 4.61 One Hundred-and-Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 4, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C116-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 November 4, 2015 4.62 One Hundred-and-Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C121-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 November 17, 2015 4.63 One Hundred-and-Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C122-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 November 17, 2015 4.64 One Hundred-and-Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 30, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C126-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 November 30, 2015 4.65 One Hundred-and-Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 30, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C127-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 November 30, 2015 
 100 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.66 One Hundred-and-Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C131-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 December 14, 2015 4.67 One Hundred-and-Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C132-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 December 14, 2015 4.68 One Hundred-and-Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 28, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 4.70 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C136-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 December 28, 2015 4.69 One Hundred-and-Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 28, 2015, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.45 Solar Bonds, Series 2015/C137-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 December 28, 2015 4.70 One Hundred-and-Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2016, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.00 Solar Bonds, Series 2016/4-10. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.5 January 29, 2016 4.71 One Hundred-and-Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2016, by and between SolarCity and the Trustee, related to SolarCity s 5.75 Solar Bonds, Series 2016/5-15. 
 8-K(1) 001-35758 4.6 January 29, 2016 4.72 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 X 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers. 
 S-1/A 333-164593 10.1 June 15, 2010 10.2 2003 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-164593 10.2 May 27, 2010 10.3 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2003 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-164593 10.3 January 29, 2010 10.4 Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.4 February 23, 2018 10.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.6 March 1, 2017 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.7 March 1, 2017 
 101 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.7 Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of February 1, 2017. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.8 March 1, 2017 10.8 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-232079 4.2 June 12, 2019 10.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-232079 4.3 June 12, 2019 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-232079 4.4 June 12, 2019 10.11 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of June 12, 2019. 
 S-8 333-232079 4.5 June 12, 2019 10.12 2012 SolarCity Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements used thereunder. 
 S-1(1) 333-184317 10.3 October 5, 2012 10.13 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Elon Musk dated October 13, 2008. 
 S-1 333-164593 10.9 January 29, 2010 10.14 Performance Stock Option Agreement between the Registrant and Elon Musk dated January 21, 2018. 
 DEF 14A 001-34756 Appendix A February 8, 2018 10.15 Indemnification Agreement, effective as of June 23, 2020, between Registrant and Elon R. Musk. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.4 July 28, 2020 10.16 Form of Call Option Confirmation relating to 1.25 Convertible Senior Notes Due March 1, 2021. 
 8-K 001-34756 10.3 March 5, 2014 10.17 Supply Agreement between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant dated October 5, 2011. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.50 February 27, 2012 10.18 Amendment No. 1 to Supply Agreement between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant dated October 29, 2013. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.35A February 26, 2014 10.19 Agreement between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant dated July 31, 2014. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.1 November 7, 2014 10.20 General Terms and Conditions between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant dated October 1, 2014. 
 8-K 001-34756 10.2 October 11, 2016 10.21 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2015, regarding addition of co-party to General Terms and Conditions, Production Pricing Agreement and Investment Letter Agreement between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.25A February 24, 2016 
 102 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.22 Investment Letter Agreement between Panasonic Corporation and the Registrant dated October 1, 2014. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.4 November 7, 2014 10.23 Amendment to Gigafactory Documents, dated April 5, 2016, by and among the Registrant, Panasonic Corporation, Panasonic Corporation of North America and Panasonic Energy Corporation of North America. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.2 May 10, 2016 10.24 2019 Pricing Agreement (Japan Cells) with respect to 2011 Supply Agreement, executed September 20, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Tesla Motors Netherlands B.V., Panasonic Corporation and SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.6 October 29, 2019 10.25 2020 Pricing Agreement (Gigafactory 2170 Cells), entered into on June 9, 2020, by and among Registrant, Tesla Motors Netherlands B.V., Panasonic Corporation and Panasonic Corporation of North America . 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.3 July 28, 2020 10.26 2021 Pricing Agreement (Japan Cells) with respect to 2011 Supply Agreement, executed December 29, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Tesla Motors Netherlands B.V., Panasonic Corporation of North America and SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. 
 10-K 001-34756 10.39 February 8, 2021 10.27 Amended and Restated Factory Lease, executed as of March 26, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Panasonic Energy North America, a division of Panasonic Corporation of North America, as tenant. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.3 July 29, 2019 10.28 Lease Amendment, executed September 20, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Panasonic Corporation of North America, on behalf of its division Panasonic Energy of North America, with respect to the Amended and Restated Factory Lease, executed as of March 26, 2019. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.7 October 29, 2019 10.29 Second Lease Amendment, entered into on June 9, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Panasonic Energy of North America, a division of Panasonic Corporation of North America, with respect to the Amended and Restated Factory Lease dated January 1, 2017 . 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.1 July 28, 2020 10.30 Agreement for Tax Abatement and Incentives, dated as of May 7, 2015, by and between Tesla Motors, Inc. and the State of Nevada, acting by and through the Nevada Governor s Office of Economic Development. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.1 August 7, 2015 
 103 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.31 Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of September 2, 2014, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, Inc. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16 November 6, 2014 10.32 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of October 31, 2014, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, Inc. 
 10-K(1) 001-35758 10.16a February 24, 2015 10.33 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of December 15, 2014, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, Inc. 
 10-K(1) 001-35758 10.16b February 24, 2015 10.34 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of February 12, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, Inc. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16c May 6, 2015 10.35 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of March 30, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, Inc. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16d May 6, 2015 10.36 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of June 30, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16e July 30, 2015 
 104 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.37 Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of September 1, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16f October 30, 2015 10.38 Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of October 9, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC . 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16g October 30, 2015 10.39 Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of October 26, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC. 
 10-Q(1) 001-35758 10.16h October 30, 2015 10.40 Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of December 9, 2015, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC. 
 10-K(1) 001-35758 10.16i February 10, 2016 10.41 Tenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement For Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of March 31, 2017, by and between The Research Foundation For The State University of New York, on behalf of the Colleges of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the State University of New York, and Silevo, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.8 May 10, 2017 10.42 Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement for Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of July 22, 2020, among the Research Foundation for the State University of New York, Silevo, LLC and Tesla Energy Operations, Inc . 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.6 July 28, 2020 
 105 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.43 Twelfth Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement for Research & Development Alliance on Triex Module Technology, effective as of May 1, 2021, among the Research Foundation for the State University of New York, Silevo, LLC and Tesla Energy Operations, Inc . 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.1 October 25, 2021 10.44 Grant Contract for State-Owned Construction Land Use Right, dated as of October 17, 2018, by and between Shanghai Planning and Land Resource Administration Bureau, as grantor, and Tesla (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., as grantee (English translation). 
 10-Q 001-34756 10.2 July 29, 2019 10.45 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2023, among Tesla, Inc., the Lenders and Issuing Banks from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as Syndication Agent 
 10-K 001-34756 10.59 January 31, 2023 19 Insider Trading Policy 
 X 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 X 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 X 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 
 X 97 Tesla, Inc. Clawback Policy 
 10-K 001-34756 97 January 29, 2024 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 
 106 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed 
 Herewith 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 Furnished herewith 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). 
 (1) Indicates a filing of SolarCity 
 (2) Indicates a filing of Maxwell Technologies, Inc. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 107 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Tesla, Inc. Date: January 29, 2025 
 /s/ Elon Musk Elon Musk Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Elon Musk Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) January 29, 2025 
 Elon Musk /s/ Vaibhav Taneja Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) January 29, 2025 
 Vaibhav Taneja /s/ Robyn Denholm Director January 29, 2025 
 Robyn Denholm /s/ Ira Ehrenpreis Director January 29, 2025 
 Ira Ehrenpreis /s/ Joseph Gebbia Director January 29, 2025 
 Joseph Gebbia /s/ James Murdoch Director January 29, 2025 
 James Murdoch /s/ Kimbal Musk Director January 29, 2025 
 Kimbal Musk /s/ JB Straubel Director January 29, 2025 
 JB Straubel /s/ Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Director January 29, 2025 
 Kathleen Wilson-Thompson 
 108 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex41.htm
 EX-4.1

ex41 

By AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE THIS CERTIFIES THAT is the owner of CUSIP DATED COUNTERSIGNED AND REGISTERED: COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR, FULLY-PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF Tesla, Inc. (hereinafter called the Company ), transferable on the books of the Company in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. This Certificate and the shares represented hereby, are issued and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the Certificate of Formation and the Bylaws of the Company (copies of which are on file with the Company and with the Transfer Agent), to all of which each holder, by acceptance hereof, assents. This Certificate is not valid unless countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar. Witness the facsimile seal of the Company and the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers. COMMON STOCK PAR VALUE 0.001 COMMON STOCK Certificate Number Shares . TESLA, INC. INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS Chief Executive Officer General Counsel and Secretary SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS THIS CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERABLE IN CITIES DESIGNATED BY THE TRANSFER AGENT, AVAILABLE ONLINE AT www.computershare.com 88160R 10 1 ZQ|CERT#|COY|CLS|RGSTRY|ACCT#|TRANSTYPE|RUN#|TRANS# DD-MMM-YYYY 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Alexander David Sample Mr. Sample Mr. Sample 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 0 00000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 00 0000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000 000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 0000 00 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 00000 0 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 Shares 000000 S ZERO HUNDRED THOUSAND ZERO HUNDRED AND ZERO MR. SAMPLE & MRS SAMPLE & MR. A PLE & MRS. SAMPLE ZQ00000000 Certificate Num bers 1234567890/1234567890 1234567890/1234567890 1234567890/1234567890 1234567890/1234567890 1234567890/1234567890 1234567890/1234567890 Total Transaction Num /No. 123456 Denom . 123456 Total 1234567 MR A SAMPLE DESIGNATION (IF ANY) ADD 1 ADD 2 ADD 3 ADD 4 PO BOX 43004, Providence, RI 02940-3004 CUSIP XXXXXX XX X Holder ID XXXXXXXXXX Insurance Value 1,000,000.00 Num ber of Shares 123456 DTC 12345678 123456789012345 Exhibit 4.1 

The IRS requires that the named transfer agent we report the cost basis of certain shares or units acquired after January 1, 2011. If your shares or units are covered by the legislation, and you requested to sell or transfer the shares or units using a specific cost basis calculation method, then we have processed as you requested. If you did not specify a cost basis calculation method, then we have defaulted to the first in, first out (FIFO) method. Please consult your tax advisor if you need additional information about cost basis. If you do not keep in contact with the issuer or do not have any activity in your account for the time period specified by state law, your property may become subject to state unclaimed property laws and transferred to the appropriate state. For value received, ____________________________hereby sell, assign and transfer unto ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Shares _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Attorney Dated: __________________________________________20__________________ Signature: ____________________________________________________________ Signature: ____________________________________________________________ Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate, in every particular, without alteration or enlargement, or any change whatever. PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE) of the capital stock represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint to transfer the said stock on the books of the within-named Company with full power of substitution in the premises. . Tesla, Inc. THE COMPANY WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO EACH STOCKHOLDER WHO SO REQUESTS, A SUMMARY OF THE POWERS, DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE, PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL OR OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS OF EACH CLASS OF STOCK OF THE COMPANY AND THE QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF SUCH PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS, AND THE VARIATIONS IN RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND LIMITATIONS DETERMINED FOR EACH SERIES, WHICH ARE FIXED BY THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY, AS AMENDED, AND THE RESOLUTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY, AND THE AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DETERMINE VARIATIONS FOR FUTURE SERIES. SUCH REQUEST MAY BE MADE TO THE OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY OR TO THE TRANSFER AGENT. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS MAY REQUIRE THE OWNER OF A LOST OR DESTROYED STOCK CERTIFICATE, OR HIS LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, TO GIVE THE COMPANY A BOND TO INDEMNIFY IT AND ITS TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS AGAINST ANY CLAIM THAT MAY BE MADE AGAINST THEM ON ACCOUNT OF THE ALLEGED LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF ANY SUCH CERTIFICATE. Signature(s) Guaranteed: Medallion Guarantee Stamp THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (Banks, Stockbrokers, Savings and Loan Associations and Credit Unions) WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15. The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations: TEN COM - as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT - ............................................Custodian ................................................ (Cust) (Minor) TEN ENT - as tenants by the entireties under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act......................................................... (State) JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of survivorship UNIF TRF MIN ACT - ............................................Custodian (until age ................................) (Cust) .............................under Uniform Transfers to Minors Act ................... (Minor) (State) Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.72>
 3
 tsla-2024x12x31xex472.htm
 EX-4.72

Document 
 Exhibit 4.72 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of January 29, 2025, Tesla, Inc. had one class of common stock registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of formation (the Certificate of Formation and our bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated herein by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this Exhibit 4.72 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Formation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 6,100,000,000 shares, with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 6,000,000,000 shares are designated as common stock. 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors have the power to elect all of the directors standing for election. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by our board of directors out of assets legally available. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 We have certain outstanding securities that may be converted, exercised or exchanged into shares of our common stock. 
 Registration Rights 
 Certain holders of unregistered common stock purchased in private placements, or their permitted transferees, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of such shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. These rights are provided under the terms of an investors rights agreement between us and the holders of these shares, or the investors rights agreement, and include demand registration rights, short-form registration rights and piggyback registration rights. All fees, costs and expenses of underwritten registrations will be borne by us and all selling expenses, including underwriting discounts and selling commissions, will be borne by the holders of the shares being sold. 
 The registration rights terminate with respect to an individual holder after the date that is five years following such time when the holder can sell all of the holder s shares in any three month period under Rule 144 or another similar exemption under the Securities Act, unless such holder holds at least 2 of our voting stock. 

Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TSLA. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Texas Law and Our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws 
 Our Certificate of Formation and our Bylaws contain certain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions and certain provisions of Texas law, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate more favorable terms with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us. 
 Limits on Ability of Shareholders to Act by Written Consent or Call a Special Meeting 
 Our Certificate of Formation provides that our shareholders may act by written consent only if all holders of shares entitled to vote on such action adopts a resolution by unanimous written consent. This may deter action by written consent or lengthen the amount of time required to take shareholder actions. As a result, even a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to amend our Bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our shareholders called in accordance with our Bylaws. 
 In addition, our Certificate of Formation provides that special meetings of shareholders may be called by the chairperson of the board, the chief executive officer, the president (to the extent required by the TBOC), our board of directors, or by shareholders holding not less than 50 (or the highest percentage of ownership that may be set under the TBOC) of the Corporation s then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at such meeting. The threshold required for shareholders to call a special meeting may delay the ability of our shareholders to force consideration of a proposal or for holders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Shareholder Nominations and Proposals 
 Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 Board Classification 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes, one of which classes is elected each year by our shareholders to serve for a three-year term. A third party may be discouraged from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us as it is more difficult and time-consuming for shareholders to replace a majority of the directors on a classified board. 
 2 

No Cumulative Voting 
 Our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws do not permit cumulative voting in the election of directors. Cumulative voting allows a shareholder to vote a portion or all of its shares for one or more candidates for seats on the board of directors. Without cumulative voting, a minority stockholder may not be able to gain as many seats on our board of directors as the shareholder would be able to gain if cumulative voting were permitted. The absence of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for a minority shareholder to gain a seat on our board of directors to influence our board s decision regarding a takeover. 
 Amendment of Certificate of Formation Provisions 
 The amendment of our Certificate of Formation requires approval by holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 Texas Anti-Takeover Statute 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 21.606 of the TBOC regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 21.606 prohibits a publicly held Texas corporation from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with an affiliated shareholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an affiliated shareholder unless 
 prior to the date of the transaction, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an affiliated stockholder or 
 at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of shareholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the affiliated stockholder at a meeting of shareholders called for that purpose not less than six months after the affiliated shareholder s share acquisition date. 
 Generally, a business combination includes a merger, share exchange, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested shareholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s outstanding voting stock. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our board of directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 21.606 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by shareholders. 
 The provisions of Texas law and the provisions of our Certificate of Formation and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they might also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 3 

</EX-4.72>

<EX-19>
 4
 tsla-2024x12x31xex19.htm
 EX-19

Document 
 Exhibit 19 

TESLA, INC. 
 
 ___________________ 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 and 
 Guidelines with Respect to Certain Transactions in Securities 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 INTRODUCTION 1 Legal prohibitions on insider trading 1 Detection and prosecution of insider trading 1 Penalties for violation of insider trading laws and this Policy 1 Insider Trading Compliance Officer 2 Reporting violations 2 Personal responsibility 2 PERSONS AND TRANSACTIONS COVERED BY THIS POLICY 2 Persons covered by this Policy 2 Types of transactions covered by this Policy 3 Responsibilities regarding the nonpublic information of other companies 3 Applicability of this Policy after your departure 3 No exceptions based on personal circumstances 3 MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 3 Material information 3 Nonpublic information 4 POLICIES REGARDING MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 5 Confidentiality of nonpublic information 5 No trading on material nonpublic information 5 No disclosing material nonpublic information for the benefit of others 5 Responding to outside inquiries for information 6 TRADING BLACKOUT PERIODS 6 Quarterly blackout periods 6 Special blackout periods 7 Regulation BTR blackouts 7 No safe harbors 7 PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADES 7 ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS AND GUIDANCE 8 Short sales 8 Derivative securities and hedging transactions 8 Using Company securities as collateral for loans 9 Holding Company securities in margin accounts 9 Placing open orders with brokers 9 LIMITED EXCEPTIONS 9 Transactions pursuant to a trading plan that complies with SEC rules 9 

Receipt and vesting of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock and stock appreciation rights 10 Exercise of stock options for cash 10 Purchases from the employee stock purchase plan 10 Certain 401(k) plan transactions 10 Stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions 11 Inheritance and bona fide gifts 11 Change in form of ownership 11 Other exceptions 11 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 11 Obligations under Section 16 11 Notification requirements to facilitate Section 16 reporting 11 Personal responsibility 12 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 12 Availability of Policy 12 Amendments 12 Ancillary Documents 12 SCHEDULE A (Individuals subject to Section 16 reporting and pre-clearance obligations) SCHEDULE B (Forms of ancillary documents) 

INTRODUCTION 
 Tesla, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company opposes the unauthorized disclosure of any nonpublic information acquired in the course of your service with the Company and the misuse of material nonpublic information in securities trading. Any such actions will be deemed violations of this Insider Trading Policy (the Policy and you may be subject to disciplinary actions as described below. 
 Legal prohibitions on insider trading 
 The antifraud provisions of U.S. federal securities laws prohibit directors, officers, employees and other individuals who possess material nonpublic information from trading on the basis of that information. Transactions will be considered on the basis of material nonpublic information if the person engaged in the transaction was aware of the material nonpublic information at the time of the transaction. It is not a defense that the person did not use the information for purposes of the transaction. 
 Disclosing material nonpublic information directly or indirectly to others who then trade based on that information or making recommendations or expressing opinions as to transactions in securities while aware of material nonpublic information (which is sometime referred to as tipping is also illegal. Both the person who provides the information, recommendation or opinion and the person who trades based on it may be liable. 
 These illegal activities are commonly referred to as insider trading . State securities laws and securities laws of other jurisdictions also impose restrictions on insider trading. 
 In addition, a company, as well as individual directors, officers and other supervisory personnel, may be subject to liability as controlling persons for failure to take appropriate steps to prevent insider trading by those under their supervision, influence or control. 
 
 It is also Company policy to comply with applicable securities laws concerning trading in Company securities on the Company s behalf. 
 Detection and prosecution of insider trading 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Nasdaq Stock Market use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to investigate and detect insider trading, and the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice pursue insider trading violations vigorously. Cases involving trading through foreign accounts, trading by family members and friends and trading involving only a small number of shares have been successfully prosecuted. 
 Penalties for violation of insider trading laws and this Policy 
 Civil and criminal penalties. As of the effective date of this Policy, potential penalties for insider trading violations under U.S. federal securities laws include 
 imprisonment 
 disgorging any profits made or losses avoided 
 substantial criminal fines 
 substantial damages in a private lawsuit 
 substantial civil fines based on the profit gained or loss avoided 
 a bar against serving as an officer or director of a public company and 
 an injunction against future violations. 

Page 1 

Civil and criminal penalties also apply to tipping. The SEC has imposed large penalties in tipping cases even when the disclosing person did not trade or gain any benefit from another person s trading. 
 Controlling person liability. As of the effective date of this Policy, the penalty for controlling person liability includes civil fines, as well as potential criminal fines and imprisonment. The civil penalties can extend personal liability to directors, officers and managers. 
 Company disciplinary actions. If the Company has a reasonable basis to conclude that you have failed to comply with this Policy, you may be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including dismissal for cause, regardless of whether or not your failure to comply with this Policy results in a violation of law. It is not necessary for the Company to wait for the filing or conclusion of any civil or criminal action against an alleged violator before taking disciplinary action. In addition, the Company may give stop transfer and other instructions to the Company s transfer agent to enforce compliance with this Policy. 
 Insider Trading Compliance Officer 
 Please direct any questions, requests or reports as to any of the matters discussed in this Policy to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer, who is the Company s General Counsel, or in the absence of a General Counsel, someone acting in the General Counsel s stead (the Insider Trading Compliance Officer ). The Insider Trading Compliance Officer is generally responsible for the administration of this Policy. The Insider Trading Compliance Officer may select others to assist with the execution of such Officer s duties, each of whom shall also be referred to as the Insider Trading Compliance Officer for purposes of this Policy. 
 Reporting violations 
 It is your responsibility to help enforce this Policy. You should be alert to possible violations and promptly report violations or suspected violations of this Policy to the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. If your situation requires that your identity be kept secret, your anonymity will be preserved to the greatest extent reasonably possible. If you wish to remain anonymous, you may send a letter addressed to the Insider Trading Compliance Officer at Tesla, Inc., 1 Tesla Road, Austin, Texas 78725 or through the Integrity Line pursuant to the reporting procedures set forth in the Company s Code of Business Ethics. If you make an anonymous report, please provide as much detail as possible, including any evidence that you believe may be relevant to the possible violation. 
 Personal responsibility 
 The ultimate responsibility for complying with this Policy and applicable laws and regulations rests with you. If securities transactions ever become the subject of scrutiny, they are likely to be viewed after- the-fact with the benefit of hindsight. As a result, you should use your best judgment at all times and carefully consider how the transaction may be construed in the bright light of hindsight. We advise you to seek assistance if you have any questions at all and consult with your personal legal and financial advisors, as needed. The rules relating to insider trading can be complex, and a violation of insider trading laws can carry severe consequences. 
 PERSONS AND TRANSACTIONS COVERED BY THIS POLICY 
 Persons covered by this Policy 
 This Policy applies to all directors, officers, employees and agents (such as consultants and independent contractors) of the Company. This Policy also applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household, and family members who do not live in your household but whose securities transactions are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or 

Page 2 

children who consult with you before they trade in Company securities), as well as persons that are your economic dependents and any other individuals or entities whose transactions in securities you 
 
 influence, direct or control (including, for example, a venture or other investment fund, if you influence, direct or control transactions by the fund) (such individuals and entities, Additional Covered Persons ). You are responsible for making sure that these Additional Covered Persons comply with this Policy. Accordingly, you should make such Additional Covered Persons aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in Company Securities, and you should treat all such transaction for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws concerning trading while in possession of material nonpublic information as if the transactions were from your own account. 
 Types of transactions covered by this Policy 
 Except as discussed in the section entitled Limited Exceptions , this Policy applies to all transactions involving the securities of the Company or the securities of other companies as to which you possess material nonpublic information obtained in the course of your service with the Company. This Policy therefore applies to purchases, sales and other transfers of common stock, options, warrants, preferred stock, debt securities (such as debentures, bonds and notes) and other securities. This Policy also applies to any arrangements that affect economic exposure to changes in the prices of these securities. These arrangements may include, among other things, transactions in derivative securities (such as exchange-traded put or call options), hedging transactions, short sales and certain decisions with respect to participation in benefit plans. This Policy also applies to any offers with respect to the transactions discussed above. You should note that there are no exceptions from insider trading laws or this Policy based on the size of the transaction. 
 Responsibilities regarding the nonpublic information of other companies 
 This Policy prohibits the unauthorized disclosure or other misuse of any nonpublic information of other companies, such as the Company s distributors, vendors, customers, collaborators, suppliers and competitors. This Policy also prohibits insider trading and tipping based on the material nonpublic information of other companies. 
 Applicability of this Policy after your departure 
 You are expected to comply with this Policy until such time as you are no longer affiliated with the Company and you no longer possess any material nonpublic information subject to this Policy. In addition, if you are subject to a trading blackout under this Policy at the time you cease to be affiliated with the Company, you are expected to abide by the applicable trading restrictions until at least the end of the relevant blackout period. 
 No exceptions based on personal circumstances 
 There may be instances where you suffer financial harm or other hardship or are otherwise required to forgo a planned transaction because of the restrictions imposed by this Policy. Personal financial emergency or other personal circumstances are not mitigating factors under securities laws and will not excuse a failure to comply with this Policy. 
 MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 
 Material information 
 Information should be regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell securities or would view the information as significantly altering the total mix of information in the marketplace about the issuer of the 

Page 3 

security. In general, any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the market price of a security is likely to be material. Either positive or negative information may be material. 
 
 It is not possible to define all categories of material information. However, some examples of information that could be regarded as material include information with respect to 
 Financial results, financial condition, earnings pre-announcements, guidance, projections or forecasts, particularly if inconsistent with the Company s guidance or the expectations of the investment community 
 Restatements of financial results, or material impairments, write-offs or restructurings 
 Changes in independent auditors, or notification that the Company may no longer rely on an audit report 
 Business plans or budgets 
 Creation of significant financial obligations, or any significant default under or acceleration of any financial obligation 
 Impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 
 Significant developments involving business relationships, including execution, modification or termination of significant agreements or orders with customers, suppliers, distributors, manufacturers or other business partners 
 Product introductions, modifications, defects or recalls or significant pricing changes or other product announcements of a significant nature 
 Significant developments in research and development or relating to intellectual property 
 Significant cybersecurity incidents 
 Significant legal or regulatory developments, whether actual or threatened 
 Actual or threatened major litigation or governmental proceedings or investigations, or the actual or potential settlement of such litigation, proceedings or investigations 
 Major events involving the Company s securities, including calls of securities for redemption, adoption of stock repurchase programs, option repricings, stock splits, changes in dividend policies, public or private securities offerings, modification to the rights of security holders or notice of delisting 
 Significant corporate events, such as a pending or proposed merger, joint venture or tender offer, a significant investment, the acquisition or disposition of a significant business or asset or a change in control of the Company 
 The existence of a special blackout period and 
 Major personnel changes, such as changes in senior management or lay-offs, or changes in the board of directors. 
 If you have any questions as to whether information should be considered material, you should consult with the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. In general, it is advisable to resolve any close questions as to the materiality of any information by assuming that the information is material. 
 Nonpublic information 
 Information is considered nonpublic if the information has not been broadly disseminated to the public for a sufficient period to be reflected in the price of the security. Information can be broadly disseminated to the public in a press release, a public filing with the SEC, a pre-announced public webcast or another broad, 

Page 4 

non-exclusionary form of public communication. You may not attempt to beat the market by trading simultaneously with, or shortly after, the official release of material information. Although there is no fixed period for how long it takes the market to absorb information, out of prudence a person in possession of material nonpublic information should refrain from any trading activity for at least one full trading day following its official release. Any questions as to whether information is nonpublic should be directed to the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 
 
 The term trading day means a day on which national stock exchanges are open for trading. A full trading day has elapsed when, after the public disclosure, trading in the relevant security has opened and then closed. 
 POLICIES REGARDING MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 
 Confidentiality of nonpublic information 
 The unauthorized use or disclosure of nonpublic information relating to the Company or other companies is prohibited. All nonpublic information you acquire in the course of your service with the Company may only be used for legitimate Company business purposes. In addition, nonpublic information of others should be handled in accordance with the terms of any relevant nondisclosure agreements, and the use of any such nonpublic information should be limited to the purpose for which it was disclosed. 
 You must use all reasonable efforts to safeguard nonpublic information in the Company s possession. You may not disclose nonpublic information about the Company or any other company, unless required by law, or unless (i) disclosure is required for legitimate Company business purposes, (ii) you are authorized to disclose the information and (iii) appropriate steps have been taken to prevent misuse of that information (for example, entering into an appropriate nondisclosure agreement that restricts the disclosure and use of the information, if applicable). This restriction also applies to internal communications within the Company and to communications with agents of the Company. In cases where disclosing nonpublic information to third parties is required, you should coordinate with the Legal Department. 
 In addition, all officers, employees and agents of the Company are required to comply with any confidential information or invention assignment agreement with the Company to which they are subject. 
 No trading on material nonpublic information 
 Except as discussed in the section entitled Limited Exceptions below, you may not, directly or indirectly through others, engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities while aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company. It is not an excuse that you did not use the information in your transaction. 
 Similarly, you may not engage in transactions involving the securities of any other company if you are aware of material nonpublic information about that company (except to the extent the transactions are analogous to those presented in the section entitled Limited Exceptions ). For example, you may be involved in a proposed transaction involving a prospective business relationship or transaction with another company. If information about that transaction constitutes material nonpublic information for that other company, you would be prohibited from engaging in transactions involving the securities of that other company (as well as transactions involving Company securities, if that information is material to the Company). It is important to note that materiality is different for different companies. Information that is not material to the Company may be material to another company. 
 No disclosing material nonpublic information for the benefit of others 

Page 5 

You may not disclose material nonpublic information concerning the Company or any other company to friends, family members or any other person or entity not authorized to receive such information where such person or entity may benefit by trading on the basis of such information. In addition, you may not make recommendations or express opinions on the basis of material nonpublic information as to trading in the securities of companies to which such information relates. You are prohibited from engaging in these actions whether or not you derive any profit or personal benefit from doing so. This prohibition against 
 
 disclosure of material nonpublic information includes disclosure (even anonymous disclosure) via the internet, blogs, investor forums or chat rooms where companies and their prospects are discussed. 
 Responding to outside inquiries for information 
 In the event you receive an inquiry from someone outside of the Company, such as a stock analyst, for information, you should refer the inquiry to the Company s Investor Relations Department. The Company is required under Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure) of the U.S. federal securities laws to avoid the selective disclosure of material nonpublic information. In general, the regulation provides that when a public company discloses material nonpublic information, it must provide broad, non-exclusionary access to the information. Violations of this regulation can subject the Company to SEC enforcement actions, which may result in injunctions and severe monetary penalties. The Company has established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad public dissemination of the information immediately upon its release in compliance with applicable law. Please consult the Company s External Communications Policy for more details. 
 TRADING BLACKOUT PERIODS 
 To limit the likelihood of trading at times when there is a significant risk of insider trading exposure, the Company has instituted quarterly trading blackout periods and may institute special trading blackout periods from time to time. In addition, to comply with applicable legal requirements, the Company may also institute blackout periods that prevent directors and officers from trading in Company securities at a time when employees are prevented from trading Company securities in the Company s 401(k) plan 
 It is important to note that whether or not you are subject to a particular blackout period, you remain subject to the prohibitions on trading on the basis of material nonpublic information and any other applicable restrictions in this Policy. 
 Quarterly blackout periods 
 Except as discussed in the section entitled Limited Exceptions below, all directors and executive officers, and employees and agents identified by the Company must refrain from conducting transactions involving the Company s securities during quarterly blackout periods. Even if you are not specifically identified as being subject to quarterly blackout periods, you should exercise caution when engaging in transactions during quarterly blackout periods because of the heightened risk of insider trading exposure. 
 Quarterly blackout periods begin at the end of the first trading day following the fifteenth day of the last month of each fiscal quarter and end after the first full trading day following public disclosure of the financial results for that fiscal quarter. This period is a particularly sensitive time for transactions involving the Company s securities from the perspective of compliance with applicable securities laws due to the fact that, during this period, individuals may often possess or have access to material nonpublic information relevant to the expected financial results for the quarter. However, irrespective of whether you actually possess, have access to, or access such information, any failure to comply with a quarterly blackout period other than in accordance with the section entitled Limited Exceptions below will be a violation of this Policy. 

Page 6 

From time to time, the Company may identify persons who should be subject to quarterly blackout periods, and shall notify such persons. Additional Covered Persons associated with such individuals so notified are also subject to the quarterly blackout periods. 
 
 Special blackout periods 
 From time to time, the Company may also prohibit directors, officers, employees and agents from engaging in transactions involving the Company s securities when, in the judgment of the Insider Trading Compliance Officer, a trading blackout is warranted. The Company will generally impose special blackout periods when there are material developments known to the Company that have not yet been disclosed to the public. For example, the Company may impose a special blackout period in anticipation of announcing interim earnings guidance or a significant transaction or business development. However, special blackout periods may be declared for any reason. 
 The Company will notify those persons subject to a special blackout period. Each person who has been so identified and notified by the Company (and related Additional Covered Persons) may not engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities until instructed otherwise by the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 
 Regulation BTR blackouts 
 Directors and executive officers may also be subject to trading blackouts pursuant to Regulation Blackout Trading Restriction, or Regulation BTR, under U.S. federal securities laws. In general, Regulation BTR prohibits any director or executive officer from engaging in certain transactions involving Company securities during periods when 401(k) plan participants are prevented from purchasing, selling or otherwise acquiring or transferring an interest in certain securities held in individual account plans. Any profits realized from a transaction that violates Regulation BTR are recoverable by the Company, regardless of the intentions of the director or officer effecting the transaction. In addition, individuals who engage in such transactions are subject to sanction by the SEC as well as potential criminal liability. The Company has provided, or will provide, separate memoranda and other appropriate materials to its directors and executive officers regarding compliance with Regulation BTR. 
 The Company will notify directors and officers if they are subject to a blackout trading restriction under Regulation BTR. Failure to comply with an applicable trading blackout in accordance with Regulation BTR is a violation of law and this Policy. 
 No safe harbors 
 There are no unconditional safe harbors for trades made at particular times, and all persons subject to this Policy should exercise good judgment at all times. Even when a quarterly blackout period is not in effect, you may be prohibited from engaging in transactions involving the Company s securities because you possess material nonpublic information, are subject to a special blackout period or are otherwise restricted under this Policy. 
 PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADES 
 Except as discussed in the section entitled Limited Exceptions below, directors and executive officers should refrain from engaging in any transaction involving the Company s securities without first obtaining pre - clearance of the transaction from the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. In addition, the Company has determined that certain other employees and agents of the Company that may have regular or special access to material nonpublic information should refrain from engaging in any transaction involving the Company s securities without first obtaining pre - clearance of the transaction from the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. The Insider Trading Compliance Officer may not engage in a transaction involving the 

Page 7 

Company s securities unless the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer or their delegate, or if there are more than one Insider Trading Compliance Officer, another such Insider Trading Compliance Officer, has pre-cleared the transaction. Individuals 
 
 subject to pre - clearance requirements are listed on Schedule A . From time to time, the Company may identify other persons who should be subject to the pre - clearance requirements set forth above, and the Insider Trading Compliance Officer may update and revise Schedule A as appropriate. 
 These pre-clearance procedures are intended to decrease insider trading risks associated with transactions by individuals with regular or special access to material nonpublic information. In addition, requiring pre-clearance of transactions by directors and officers facilitates compliance with Rule 144 resale restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the liability and reporting provisions of Section 16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Regulation BTR. Pre-clearance of a trade, however, is not a defense to a claim of insider trading and does not excuse you from otherwise complying with insider trading laws or this Policy. Further, pre-clearance of a transaction does not constitute an affirmation by the Company or the Insider Trading Compliance Officer that you are not in possession of material nonpublic information. 
 The Insider Trading Compliance Officer is under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance, and may determine not to permit the transaction. 
 ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS AND GUIDANCE 
 This section addresses certain types of transactions that may expose you and the Company to significant risks. You should understand that, even though a transaction may not be expressly prohibited by this section, you are responsible for ensuring that the transaction otherwise complies with other provisions in this Policy that may apply to the transaction, such as the general prohibition against insider trading as well as pre- clearance procedures and blackout periods, to the extent applicable. 
 Short sales 
 Short sales i.e., the sale of a security that must be borrowed to make delivery) and selling short against the box i.e., a sale with a delayed delivery) with respect to Company securities are prohibited under this Policy. Short sales may signal to the market possible bad news about the Company or a general lack of confidence in the Company s prospects, and an expectation that the value of the Company s securities will decline. In addition, short sales are effectively a bet against the Company s success and may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. Short sales may also create a suspicion that the seller is engaged in insider trading. 
 Derivative securities and hedging transactions 
 You are prohibited from engaging in transactions in publicly-traded options, such as puts and calls, and other derivative securities with respect to the Company s securities. This prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction designed to decrease the risks associated with holding Company securities. Stock options, stock appreciation rights, other securities issued pursuant to Company benefit plans or other compensatory arrangements with the Company, and broad-based index options, futures or baskets are not subject to this prohibition. 
 Transactions in derivative securities may reflect a short - term and speculative interest in the Company s securities and may create the appearance of impropriety, even where a transaction does not involve trading on inside information. Trading in derivatives may also focus attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. In addition, the application of securities laws to derivatives 

Page 8 

transactions can be complex, and persons engaging in derivatives transactions run an increased risk of violating securities laws. 
 
 Using Company securities as collateral for loans 
 You should exercise caution in pledging Company securities as collateral for loans. If you default on the loan, the lender may sell the pledged securities as collateral in a foreclosure sale. The sale, even though not initiated at your request, is still considered a sale for your benefit and, if made at a time when you are aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise are not permitted to trade in Company securities, may result in inadvertent insider trading violations, Section 16 and Regulation BTR violations (for officers and directors), violations of this Policy and unfavorable publicity for you and the Company. 
 Holding Company securities in margin accounts 
 You may not hold Company securities in margin accounts. Under typical margin arrangements, if you fail to meet a margin call, the broker may be entitled to sell securities held in the margin account without your consent. The sale, even though not initiated at your request, is still considered a sale for your benefit and, if made at a time when you are aware of material nonpublic information or are otherwise not permitted to trade, may result in inadvertent insider trading violations, Section 16 violations (for officers and directors), violations of this Policy and unfavorable publicity for you and the Company. 
 Placing open orders with brokers 
 Except in accordance with an approved trading plan (as discussed below), you should exercise caution when placing open orders, such as limit orders or stop orders, with brokers, particularly where the order is likely to remain outstanding for an extended period of time. Open orders may result in the execution of a trade at a time when you are aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise are not permitted to trade in Company securities, which may result in inadvertent insider trading violations, Section 16 and Regulation BTR violations (for officers and directors), violations of this Policy and unfavorable publicity for you and the Company. If you are subject to any blackout periods or pre-clearance requirements, you should inform any broker with whom you place any open order at the time it is placed of your obligation to comply with such blackout periods and or pre-clearance requirements. 
 LIMITED EXCEPTIONS 
 The following are certain limited exceptions to the restrictions imposed by the Company under this Policy. Please be aware that even if a transaction is subject to an exception to this Policy, you will need to separately assess whether the transaction complies with applicable law. For example, even if a transaction is indicated as exempt from this Policy, you may need to comply with the short-swing trading restrictions under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, to the extent applicable. You are responsible for complying with applicable law at all times. 
 Transactions pursuant to a trading plan that complies with SEC rules 
 The SEC has enacted rules that provide an affirmative defense against alleged violations of U.S. federal insider trading laws for transactions pursuant to trading plans that meet certain requirements. In general, these rules, as set forth in Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, provide for an affirmative defense if you enter into a contract, provide instructions or adopt a written plan for trading securities when you are not aware of material nonpublic information. The contract, instructions or plan must be made or entered into in good faith and not as a part of a plan or scheme to evade the insider trading laws and must (i) specify the amount, price and date of the transaction, (ii) specify an objective method for determining the amount, price and date of the transaction and or (iii) place any subsequent discretion for determining the amount, price and 

Page 9 

date of the transaction in another person who is not, at the time of the transaction, aware of material nonpublic information. 
 
 Transactions made pursuant to a written trading plan that (i) complies with the affirmative defense set forth in Rule 10b5-1 and (ii) is approved by the Insider Trading Compliance Officer, are not subject to the restrictions in this Policy against trades made while aware of material nonpublic information or to the pre- clearance procedures or blackout periods established under this Policy. In approving a trading plan, the Insider Trading Compliance Officer may, in furtherance of the objectives expressed in this Policy, impose criteria in addition to those set forth in Rule 10b5-1. Therefore, you must confer with the Insider Trading Compliance Officer prior to entering into any trading plan. No transactions may occur under such contract, instructions or plans until the expiration of the applicable cooling-off period (minimum of 90 days for directors and officers and 30 days for all other employees and agents). 
 The SEC rules regarding trading plans are complex and must be complied with completely to be effective. The description provided above is only a summary, and the Company strongly advises that you consult with your personal legal advisor if you intend to adopt a trading plan. While trading plans are subject to review and approval by the Company, the individual adopting the trading plan is ultimately responsible for compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and ensuring that the trading plan complies with this Policy. 
 Trading plans must be filed with the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. The Company may publicly disclose information regarding trading plans that you may enter into. 
 Receipt and vesting of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock and stock appreciation rights 
 The trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to the grant or award to you of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or stock appreciation rights by the Company. The trading restrictions under this Policy also do not apply to the vesting, cancellation or forfeiture of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or stock appreciation rights in accordance with applicable plans and agreements. However, the trading restrictions do apply to any subsequent sales of any such securities. 
 Exercise of stock options for cash 
 The trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to the exercise of stock options for cash under the Company s stock option plans. Likewise, the trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to the exercise of stock options in a stock-for-stock exercise with the Company or an election to have the Company withhold securities to cover tax obligations in connection with an option exercise. However, the trading restrictions under this Policy do apply to (i) the sale of any securities issued upon the exercise of a stock option, (ii) a cashless exercise of a stock option through a broker, since this involves selling a portion of the underlying shares to cover the costs of exercise, and (iii) any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 
 Purchases from the employee stock purchase plan 
 The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to elections with respect to participation in the Company s employee stock purchase plan or to purchases of securities under the plan. However, the trading restrictions do apply to any subsequent sales of any such securities. 
 Certain 401(k) plan transactions 
 The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to purchases of Company stock in the 401(k) plan resulting from periodic contributions to the plan based on your payroll contribution election. The trading restrictions do apply, however, to elections you make under the 401(k) plan to (i) increase or decrease the 

Page 10 

percentage of your contributions that will be allocated to a Company stock fund, (ii) move balances into or out of a Company stock fund, (iii) borrow money against your 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in liquidation of some or all of your Company stock fund balance, and (iv) pre-pay a plan loan if the pre- payment will result in the allocation of loan proceeds to a Company stock fund. 
 Stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions 
 The trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to a change in the number of securities held as a result of a stock split or stock dividend applying equally to all securities of a class, or similar transactions. 
 Inheritance and bona fide gifts 
 The trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution. In addition, bona fide gifts involving Company securities are not transactions subject to this policy, unless you have reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities while you are aware of material nonpublic information. 
 Change in form of ownership 
 Transactions that involve merely a change in the form in which you own securities are not subject to the trading restrictions under this Policy. For example, you may transfer shares to an inter vivos trust of which you are the sole beneficiary during your lifetime. 
 Other exceptions 
 Any other exception from this Policy must be approved by the Insider Trading Compliance Officer, in consultation with the Board of Directors or an independent committee of the Board of Directors. 
 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
 Obligations under Section 16 
 Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the related rules and regulations, set forth (i) reporting obligations, 
 (ii) limitations on short-swing transactions and (iii) limitations on short sales and other transactions applicable to directors, officers, large shareholders and certain other persons. 
 The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the persons specified as Section 16 insiders on Schedule A are required to comply with Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the related rules and regulations, because of their positions with the Company. The Insider Trading Compliance Officer may amend Schedule A from time to time as appropriate to reflect the election of new officers or directors, any change in the responsibilities of officers or other employees and any promotions, demotions, resignations or departures. 
 Schedule A may not necessarily contain an exhaustive list of persons subject to Section 16 requirements at any given time. Even if you are not listed on Schedule A , you may be subject to Section 16 reporting obligations because of your shareholdings, for example. 
 Notification requirements to facilitate Section 16 reporting 
 To facilitate timely reporting of transactions pursuant to Section 16 requirements, each person subject to Section 16 reporting requirements must provide, or must ensure that such person s broker provides, the Company with detailed information e.g., trade date, number of shares, exact price, etc. regarding such person s transactions involving the Company s securities, including gifts, transfers, pledges and 

Page 11 

transactions pursuant to a trading plan, both prior to (to confirm compliance with pre-clearance procedures, if applicable) and promptly following execution. 
 Personal responsibility 
 The obligation to file Section 16 reports, and to otherwise comply with Section 16, is personal. The Company is not responsible for the failure to comply with Section 16 requirements. 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Availability of Policy 
 This Policy will be made available to all directors, officers, employees and agents of the Company when they commence service with the Company. Each director, officer, employee and agent of the Company is required, if requested, to acknowledge that he or she understands, and agrees to comply with, this Policy. 
 Amendments 
 We are committed to continuously reviewing and updating our policies and procedures. The Company therefore reserves the right to amend, alter or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason, subject to applicable law. A current copy of the Company s policies regarding insider trading may be obtained by contacting the Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 
 Ancillary Documents 
 Attached as Schedule B are forms of various ancillary documents that may be used from time to time in connection with the matters discussed in this Policy. The Insider Trading Compliance Officer may amend, alter, substitute or terminate any of these ancillary documents at any time and for any reason, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Nothing in this Insider Trading Policy creates or implies an employment contract or term of employment. 
 The policies in this Insider Trading Policy do not constitute a complete list of Company policies or a complete list of the types of conduct that can result in discipline, up to and including discharge. 

Page 12 

</EX-19>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 tsla-2024x12x31xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF TESLA, INC. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 Alabama Service LLC Delaware All EV Holdings, LLC Delaware Allegheny Solar 1, LLC Delaware Allegheny Solar Manager 1, LLC Delaware Alset Transport GmbH Germany Alset Warehouse GmbH Germany Ancon Holdings II, LLC Delaware Ancon Holdings III, LLC Delaware Ancon Holdings, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar Corporation Delaware Ancon Solar I, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar II Lessee Manager, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar II Lessee, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar II Lessor, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar III Lessee Manager, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar III Lessee, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar III Lessor, LLC Delaware Ancon Solar Managing Member I, LLC Delaware Arpad Solar Borrower, LLC Delaware Arpad Solar I, LLC Delaware Arpad Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware AU Solar 1, LLC Delaware AU Solar 2, LLC Delaware Banyan SolarCity Manager 2010, LLC Delaware Banyan SolarCity Owner 2010, LLC Delaware Barbacoa Battery Storage, LLC Texas Basking Solar Manager II, LLC Delaware Beatrix Solar I, LLC Delaware Bernese Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Blue Skies Solar I, LLC Delaware Blue Skies Solar II, LLC Delaware BT Connolly Storage, LLC Texas Caballero Solar Managing Member I, LLC Delaware Caballero Solar Managing Member II, LLC Delaware Caballero Solar Managing Member III, LLC Delaware Castello Solar I, LLC Delaware Castello Solar II, LLC Delaware Castello Solar III, LLC Delaware Chaparral SREC Borrower, LLC Delaware Chaparral SREC Holdings, LLC Delaware Chestnut Storage, LLC North Carolina Chompie Solar I, LLC Delaware Chompie Solar II, LLC Delaware Chompie Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Chompie Solar Manager II, LLC Delaware 

Colorado River Project, LLC Delaware Community Solar Partners, LLC Delaware Compass Automation Incorporated Illinois Connecticut Auto Repair and Service LLC Delaware Corpus Battery Storage, LLC Texas Dom Solar General Partner I, LLC Delaware Dom Solar Lessor I, LP Cayman Islands Domino Solar Ltd. Cayman Islands Dom Solar Limited Partner I, LLC Delaware El Rey EV, LLC Delaware Falconer Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Firehorn Solar I, LLC Cayman Islands Firehorn Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware FocalPoint Solar Borrower, LLC Delaware FocalPoint Solar I, LLC Delaware FocalPoint Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Fontane Solar I, LLC Delaware Fotovoltaica GI 4, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Fotovoltaica GI 5, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico FP System Owner, LLC Delaware Giga Insurance Texas, Inc. Texas Giga Texas Energy, LLC Delaware Tesla Automation (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 China Grohmann USA, Inc. Delaware Guilder Solar, LLC Delaware Hamilton Solar, LLC Delaware Harborfields LLC Delaware Harpoon Solar I, LLC Delaware Harpoon Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Haymarket Holdings, LLC Delaware Haymarket Manager 1, LLC Delaware Haymarket Solar 1, LLC Delaware Hibar Systems Europe GmbH Germany Hive Battery Inc. Delaware Ikehu Manager I, LLC Delaware IL Buono Solar I, LLC Delaware Iliosson, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Industrial Maintenance Technologies, Inc. California Kansas Repair LLC Delaware Klamath Falls Solar 1, LLC Delaware Knight Solar Managing Member I, LLC Delaware Knight Solar Managing Member II, LLC Delaware Knight Solar Managing Member III, LLC Delaware Landlord 2008-A, LLC Delaware Lincoln Auto Repair and Service LLC Delaware Louis Solar II, LLC Delaware Louis Solar III, LLC Delaware Louis Solar Manager II, LLC Delaware Louis Solar Manager III, LLC Delaware Louis Solar Master Tenant I, LLC Delaware 

Louis Solar MT Manager I, LLC Delaware Louis Solar Owner I, LLC Delaware Louis Solar Owner Manager I, LLC Delaware Master Tenant 2008-A, LLC Delaware Matterhorn Solar I, LLC Delaware Maxwell Technologies, Inc. Delaware Megalodon Solar, LLC Delaware Monte Rosa Solar I, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Manager V, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Manager VI, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Manager X, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Manager XI, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Manager XII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Master Tenant IX, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Master Tenant V, LLC California Mound Solar Master Tenant VI, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Master Tenant VII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Master Tenant VIII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar MT Manager IX, LLC Delaware Mound Solar MT Manager VII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar MT Manager VIII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner IX, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner Manager IX, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner Manager VII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner Manager VIII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner V, LLC California Mound Solar Owner VI, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner VII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Owner VIII, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Partnership X, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Partnership XI, LLC Delaware Mound Solar Partnership XII, LLC Delaware MS SolarCity 2008, LLC Delaware MS SolarCity Commercial 2008, LLC Delaware MS SolarCity Residential 2008, LLC Delaware New Mexico Sales and Vehicle Service LLC Delaware NBA SolarCity AFB, LLC California NBA SolarCity Commercial I, LLC California NBA SolarCity Solar Phoenix, LLC California Northern Nevada Research Co., LLC Nevada Oranje Solar I, LLC Delaware Oranje Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Palmetto Auto Repair and Service LLC Delaware Paramount Energy Fund I Lessee, LLC Delaware Paramount Energy Fund I Lessor, LLC Delaware PEF I MM, LLC Delaware Perbix Machine Company, Inc. Minnesota Presidio Solar I, LLC Delaware Presidio Solar II, LLC Delaware Presidio Solar III, LLC Delaware 

Pukana La Solar I, LLC Delaware R9 Solar 1, LLC Delaware Roadster Automobile Sales and Service (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Roadster Finland Oy Finland SA VPP Holding Trust Australia SA VPP Project Trust Australia Sequoia Pacific Holdings, LLC Delaware Sequoia Pacific Manager I, LLC Delaware Sequoia Pacific Solar I, LLC Delaware Sequoia SolarCity Owner I, LLC Delaware Sierra Solar Power (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong SiiLion, Inc. Delaware Silevo, LLC Delaware Smith II Battery Storage, LLC Texas Solar Aquarium Holdings, LLC Delaware Solar Energy of America 1, LLC Delaware Solar Energy of America Manager 1, LLC Delaware Solar Explorer, LLC Delaware Solar Gezellig Holdings, LLC Delaware Solar House I, LLC Delaware Solar House II, LLC Delaware Solar House III, LLC Delaware Solar House IV, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund I, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund II, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund III, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund IV-A, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund V, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Fund VI, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager I, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager II, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager III, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager IV-A, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager V, LLC Delaware Solar Integrated Manager VI, LLC Delaware Solar Services Company, LLC Delaware Solar Ulysses Manager I, LLC Delaware Solar Ulysses Manager II, LLC Delaware Solar Voyager, LLC Delaware Solar Warehouse Manager I, LLC Delaware Solar Warehouse Manager II, LLC Delaware Solar Warehouse Manager III, LLC Delaware Solar Warehouse Manager IV, LLC Delaware SolarCity Alpine Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Amphitheatre Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Arbor Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Arches Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity AU Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Cruyff Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Electrical, LLC Delaware 

SolarCity Electrical New York Corporation Delaware SolarCity Finance Company, LLC Delaware SolarCity Finance Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Foxborough Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity FTE Series 1, LLC Delaware SolarCity FTE Series 2, LLC Delaware SolarCity Fund Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Grand Canyon Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Holdings 2008, LLC Delaware SolarCity International, Inc. Delaware SolarCity Leviathan Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity LMC Series I, LLC Delaware SolarCity LMC Series II, LLC Delaware SolarCity LMC Series III, LLC Delaware SolarCity LMC Series IV, LLC Delaware SolarCity LMC Series V, LLC Delaware SolarCity Mid-Atlantic Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Nitro Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Orange Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Series Holdings I, LLC Delaware SolarCity Series Holdings II, LLC Delaware SolarCity Series Holdings IV, LLC Delaware SolarCity Steep Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Ulu Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarCity Village Holdings, LLC Delaware SolarRock, LLC Delaware SolarStrong, LLC Delaware Sparrowhawk Solar I, LLC Delaware SREC Holdings, LLC Delaware Swanson Battery Storage, LLC Texas TALT Holdings, LLC Delaware TALT TBM Holdings, LLC Delaware TBM Partnership II, LLC Delaware TEO Engineering, Inc. California TES 2017-1, LLC Delaware TES Holdings 2017-1, LLC Delaware Tesla 2014 Warehouse SPV LLC Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2021-A Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2021-B Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2022-A Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2023-A Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2023-B Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2024-A Delaware Tesla Auto Lease Trust 2024-B Delaware Tesla Electric Vehicle Trust 2023-1 Delaware Tesla Autobidder International B.V. Netherlands Tesla Automation GmbH Germany Tesla Automobile Information Service (Dalian) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Management and Service (Haikou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China 

Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Changchun) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Changsha) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Dalian) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Fuzhou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Guangzhou Panyu District) Co., Ltd. 
 China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Guiyang) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Haerbin) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Hefei) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Hohhot) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Jinan) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Kunming) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Lanzhou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Nanchang) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Nanjing) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Nanning) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Shenyang) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Taiyuan) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Tianjin) Co. Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Urumqi) Co. Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Wenzhou) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Xi'an) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Xiamen) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Xining) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Yinchuan) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Automobile Sales and Service (Zhengzhou) Co. Ltd. China Tesla Automobiles Sales and Service Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Tesla (Beijing) New Energy R&D Co., Ltd. China Tesla Belgium BV Belgium Tesla Canada Finance ULC Canada Tesla Canada Lease Finance GP ULC Canada Tesla Canada Lease Finance LP Canada Tesla Charging, LLC Delaware Tesla Chile SpA Chile Tesla Construction Inc. Texas Tesla Construction (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Tesla Energia Macau Limitada Macau 

Tesla Engineering Germany GmbH Germany Tesla Energy d.o.o. Slovenia Tesla Energy Management LLC Delaware Tesla Energy Operations, Inc. Delaware Tesla Energy Ventures Australia Pty Ltd Australia Tesla Energy Ventures France S. r.l. France Tesla Energy Ventures Limited United Kingdom Tesla Energy Ventures Holdings B.V. Netherlands Tesla Finance LLC Delaware Tesla Financial Leasing (China) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Financial Services GmbH Germany Tesla Financial Services Holdings B.V. Netherlands Tesla Financial Services Limited United Kingdom Tesla Fleet Operations LLC 
 Texas Tesla France S. r.l. 
 France Tesla Germany GmbH Germany Tesla General Insurance, Inc. Arizona Tesla Greece Single Member P.C. Greece Tesla Gulf Limited Company Saudi Arabia Tesla Hrvatska d.o.o. Croatia Tesla Hungary Kft. Hungary Tesla India Motors and Energy Private Limited India Tesla Insurance Brokers (China) Co., Ltd. 
 China Tesla Insurance Holdings, LLC Delaware Tesla Insurance, Inc. Delaware Tesla Insurance Company California Tesla Insurance Company of Hawaii, LLC Hawaii Tesla Insurance Services, Inc. California Tesla Insurance Services of Texas, Inc. Texas Tesla International B.V. Netherlands Tesla Investments LLC Delaware Tesla Italy S.r.l. Italy Tesla Jordan Car Trading LLC Jordan Tesla Korea Limited Republic of Korea Tesla Lease Trust Delaware Tesla Lithuania UAB Lithuania Tesla LLC Delaware Tesla Manufacturing Brandenburg SE Germany Tesla Manufacturing Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Tesla Manufacturing Mexico Holding, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Tesla Michigan, Inc. Michigan Tesla Mississippi LLC Delaware Tesla Motors Australia, Pty Ltd Australia Tesla Motors Austria GmbH Austria Tesla Motors (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Tesla Motors Canada ULC Canada Tesla Motors Colombia S.A.S Colombia Tesla Motors Holding B.V. Netherlands Tesla Motors Denmark ApS Denmark Tesla Motors FL, Inc. Florida 

Tesla Motors HK Limited Hong Kong Tesla Motors Iceland ehf. Iceland Tesla Motors Ireland Limited Ireland Tesla Motors Israel Ltd. Israel Tesla Motors Japan GK Japan Tesla Motors Limited United Kingdom Tesla Motors Luxembourg S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg Tesla Motors MA, Inc. Massachusetts Tesla Motors Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Tesla Motors New York LLC New York Tesla Motors NL LLC Delaware Tesla Motors NV, Inc. Nevada Tesla Motors PA, Inc. Pennsylvania Tesla Motors Philippines Inc. Philippines Tesla Motors Romania S.R.L. Romania Tesla Motors Sales and Service LLC Turkey Tesla Motors Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. Singapore Tesla Motors Singapore Private Limited Singapore Tesla Motors Stichting Netherlands Tesla Motors Taiwan Limited Taiwan Tesla Motors TN, Inc. Tennessee Tesla Motors TX, Inc. Texas Tesla Motors UT, Inc. Utah Tesla Nambe LLC Delaware Tesla New Zealand ULC New Zealand Tesla Norway AS Norway Tesla Poland sp. z o.o. Poland Tesla Property &Casualty, Inc. California Tesla Portugal, Sociedade Unipessoal LDA Portugal Tesla Puerto Rico LLC Puerto Rico Tesla Qatar LLC Qatar Tesla Rental LLC Delaware Tesla Sales, Inc. Delaware Tesla Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Tesla Shanghai Co., Ltd China Tesla (Shanghai) New Energy Co., LTD. China Tesla Spain, S.L. Unipersonal Spain Tesla Solar Systems, LLC Delaware Tesla Sustainable Energy Trust 2024-1 Delaware Tesla Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Tesla (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Tesla TH1 LLC Delaware Tesla TH2 LLC Delaware Telsa Toronto Automation ULC Canada Tesla Toronto International Holdings ULC Canada Tesla Transport B.V. Netherlands Tesla US Property Holdings, LLC Texas Tesla Wholesale Energy Holdings, LLC Delaware The Big Green Solar I, LLC Delaware The Big Green Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware 

Three Rivers Solar 1, LLC Delaware Three Rivers Solar 2, LLC Delaware Three Rivers Solar 3, LLC Delaware Three Rivers Solar Manager 1, LLC Delaware Three Rivers Solar Manager 2, LLC Delaware Three Rivers Solar Manager 3, LLC Delaware TM International C.V. Netherlands TM Sweden AB Sweden TSET Holdings, LLC Delaware USB SolarCity Manager IV, LLC Delaware USB SolarCity Owner IV, LLC California Visigoth Solar 1, LLC Delaware Visigoth Solar Holdings, LLC Delaware Visigoth Solar Managing Member 1, LLC Delaware VPP Project 1 (SA) Pty Ltd. Australia Weisshorn Solar I, LLC Cayman Islands Weisshorn Solar Manager I, LLC Delaware Zep Solar LLC California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 tsla-2024x12x31xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-232079, 333-223169, 333-216376, 333-209696, 333-198002, 333-187113, 333-183033, and 333-167874) of Tesla, Inc. of our report dated January 29, 2025 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 January 29, 2025 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 tsla-2024x12x31xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Elon Musk, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tesla, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 29, 2025 s Elon Musk Elon Musk Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 tsla-2024x12x31xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Vaibhav Taneja, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tesla, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date January 29, 2025 s Vaibhav Taneja Vaibhav Taneja Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 tsla-2024x12x31xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Elon Musk, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report of Tesla, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2024, (i) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) that the information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Tesla, Inc. 
 Date January 29, 2025 s Elon Musk Elon Musk Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Vaibhav Taneja, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge, the Annual Report of Tesla, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2024, (i) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) that the information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Tesla, Inc. 
 Date January 29, 2025 s Vaibhav Taneja Vaibhav Taneja Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tsla-20241231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 tsla-20241231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tsla-20241231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tsla-20241231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tsla-20241231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

